You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Applebee's 2250 Division Rd, Windsor, ON N8W 5X5, Canada 7.4 View Hours Age Verification Place Settings Everyday Family-Sized Meal Deals Appetizers Salads Steaks Ribs Chicken Seafood Neighbourhood Favourites Hand-Crafted Burgers Handhelds Classic Sides Signature Sides Kid's Menu Desserts Extras Drinks Beers and Coolers White Wine Rose Wine Red Wine Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), read what the restaurant has to say about allergies by visiting http://www.applebeescanada.com/media/applebees-canada-allergen-info-2013.pdf before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Everyday Family-Sized Meal Deals Rib-lets (Serves 4-5) Three pounds of Applebee's world-famous rib-lets basted in Memphis BBQ sauce and served with four classic sides. $49.99 Oriental Chicken Salad (Serves 4-5) Fresh Asian greens, rice noodles, toasted almonds, and signature Oriental vinaigrette. Topped with chicken tenders or grilled chicken. $39.99 Chicken Breast Strips (Serves 4-5) 20 chicken breast strips with choice of dipping sauce. Served with 4 of Applebee's classic sides. $44.99 2 Can Dine for $50 $50.00 Dinner for 4 $59.99 Appetizers A wide variety of tasty appetizers! Dry Ribs (Gluten Friendly) Tender rib pieces lightly seasoned with kosher salt and pepper. Served with a side of sweet and spicy chili sauce. $15.99 Onion Rings Thick-cut onions coated in beer batter then lightly fried. Served with spicy chipotle sauce for dipping. $10.99 Mozzarella Sticks (8 pcs) Eight delicious mozzarella sticks breaded and fried until golden. Served with a rich marinara sauce. $11.99 Spinach and Artichoke Dip Creamy spinach and artichoke dip. Served with freshly made tortilla chips and salsa. $14.99 Deep Fried Pickles Crisp-fried pickles served with spicy chipotle dip. $9.99 Boneless Chicken Bites Crispy breaded pieces of boneless chicken tossed in your choice of sauce. Served with celery and choice of ranch or blue cheese for dipping. $16.99 Chicken Wings (5 pcs) A serving of juicy chicken wings with your choice of Buffalo, barbeque, hot Buffalo, sweet and spicy, honey garlic, or honey pepper. $10.99 Chicken Wings (10 pcs) A serving of juicy chicken wings with your choice of Buffalo, barbeque, hot Buffalo, sweet and spicy, honey garlic, or honey pepper. $18.99 Chicken Wings (15 pcs) A serving of juicy chicken wings with your choice of Buffalo, barbeque, hot Buffalo, sweet and spicy, honey garlic, or honey pepper. $24.99 Chicken Quesadilla Warm, grilled tortillas are loaded with chicken, a blend of melted cheddar cheeses, crispy bacon, and freshly made pico de gallo. Served with salsa... $18.99 Chicken Wonton Tacos Tangy grilled chicken tossed in sweet Asian chili sauce stuffed into crispy wonton shells and topped with Applebee's signature Asian slaw and fresh... $14.99 Spicy Maple Glazed Popcorn Shrimp Spicy, lightly breaded crispy tender shrimp tossed in Applebee's Canadian maple glaze. $14.99 Waffle Poutine Crispy, lightly fried criss-cut style chips seasoned with Applebee's signature seasoning, topped with authentic Quebec cheese curds and savoury... $14.99 Salads Delicious salads made with the freshest ingredients! Crunchy Thai Salad Fresh Asian greens, cilantro, rice noodles, cucumber, roasted red peppers, red onions, tomatoes, almonds, and tangy Thai vinaigrette. $15.49 Grilled Oriental Chicken Salad Six-ounce grilled chicken breast tossed in teriyaki stir fry sauce, fresh Asian greens, rice noodles, almonds, and Oriental vinaigrette. $20.49 Oriental Chicken Salad Fried chicken tenders, fresh Asian greens, rice noodles, almonds, and Oriental vinaigrette. $19.49 Classic Caesar Salad Classic Caesar salad with bacon, croutons, and shredded Parmesan cheese. $14.49 Orchard Salad Mixed greens, Granny Smith apples, dried cranberries, bacon, aged white cheddar, and spicy glazed pecans tossed in Applebee's house-made sweet apple... $17.49 Applebee’s House Salad Freshly mixed greens, cucumber, diced tomatoes, a blend of cheddar cheeses, bacon, and croutons with your choice of dressing. $15.49 Steaks Fire-grilled, perfectly seasoned steaks. Canadian AAA Top Sirloin (9 oz) Lightly seasoned nine-ounce Canadian AAA top sirloin cooked to perfection and served with house-made red-skinned garlic mashed and seasonal vegetable. $33.49 Canadian AAA Top Sirloin (7 oz) Lightly seasoned seven-ounce Canadian AAA top sirloin cooked to perfection and served with house-made red-skinned garlic mashed and seasonal... $30.49 Bourbon Street Sirloin Cajun seasoned nine-ounce top sirloin cooked to your liking, served with sautéed onions, mushrooms, and red-skinned garlic mashed potatoes. $32.49 Garlic and Mushroom Steak Tips Hand-cut AAA Canadian top sirloin tips covered with sautéed mushrooms and roasted garlic cloves. Served with house-made red-skinned garlic mashed and... $30.49 Ribs Slow-cooked, smoked and seasoned to perfection! Applebee's Rib-lets (Gluten Friendly) Tasty rib-lets so moist they'll melt in your mouth. Served with fries, slaw, and Memphis BBQ sauce. $25.49 BBQ Pork Back Ribs (Gluten Friendly) Delicious pork back ribs smothered in Memphis BBQ sauce. Served with French fries and a crunchy slaw. $33.49 Chicken Homestyle Chicken Bowl Crispy chicken breast strips served over house-made red-skinned garlic mashed potatoes, garlicky green beans, bacon, and a blend of cheddar cheeses. $21.49 Crispy Chicken Breast Strips Platter (7 pcs) Seven crunchy breaded chicken breast strips served with french fries, crunchy slaw, and your choice of dipping sauce. $20.49 Southwest Lime Grilled Chicken Bowl Grilled chipotle lime chicken served on mixed salad greens and cilantro rice with house-made pico de gallo, black bean corn salsa, and guacamole. $20.49 Fiesta Lime Chicken Applebee's six-ounce grilled chicken breast is topped with tangy Mexi-ranch sauce and a blend of cheddar cheeses. Served on a bed of crispy tortilla... $20.49 Seafood Double Crunch Shrimp Breaded shrimp served with cocktail sauce, slaw, and fries. $21.49 Hand-Battered Fish and Chips Golden, crispy-battered haddock. Served with fries, coleslaw, and tartar sauce. $20.49 Tex-Mex Shrimp Bowl Grilled chipotle lime shrimp served on mixed salad greens and cilantro rice with house-made pico de gallo, black bean corn salsa, and guacamole. $20.49 Neighbourhood Favourites Tasty favourites. Applebee’s Homestyle Shepherd’s Pie 100% Canadian ground beef, carrots, corn, peas, onions and Guinness® stout gravy, topped with house-made red-skinned garlic mashed potatoes and a... $20.49 Four Cheese Mac 'N' Cheese with Honey Pepper Chicken Strips A sweet and savoury take on comfort food, four-cheese penne Mac and Cheese is topped with bacon and crispy chicken strips tossed in our house-made... $25.49 Bourbon Street Chicken and Shrimp Cajun-seasoned chicken and blackened shrimp in buttery garlic and parsley. Served with sauteed mushroom, onions, and house-made red-skinned garlic... $24.49 Hand-Crafted Burgers Delicious hand-crafted burgers on toasted buns. Substitute for a veggie patty at no additional charge! Classic Bacon Cheeseburger A hand-crafted beef patty with smoky bacon, cheddar cheese, crisp lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickles. Served on a freshly baked bun. $19.49 Cowboy Burger A hand-crafted beef patty with bacon, barbeque sauce, white cheddar, fried onion strings, crisp lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickles. Served on a... $20.49 Cheeseburger A hand-crafted beef patty with cheddar cheese, crisp lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickles. Served on a freshly baked bun. $18.49 Hamburger A hand-crafted beef patty with crisp lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickles. Served on a freshly baked bun. $17.49 Quesadilla Burger Part burger, part quesadilla, all taste. This original burger creation comes piled with Jack and Cheddar cheeses, bacon, signature Mexi-ranch, fresh... $20.49 Beyond Meat Burger 100% plant-based burger, fresh sliced tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, pickles, and mayonnaise. Served on a freshly toasted gourmet bun. $18.49 Handhelds Burgers and sandwiches are served with fries or upgrade to a signature side! Memphis BBQ Chicken Sandwich A six-ounce grilled chicken breast basted with Memphis barbeque sauce and topped with bacon, cheddar cheese, and crispy onions. Served with lettuce... $19.49 Chicken Fajita Rollup Grilled chipotle chicken with cheddar cheese, fresh pico de gallo, and lettuce wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served with ranch dipping sauce. $19.49 Grilled Oriental Chicken Wrap Grilled chicken breast tossed in teriyaki stir-fry sauce, crisp Asian greens, almonds, crispy noodles, and Oriental vinaigrette all wrapped in a soft... $18.49 BBQ Brisket Tacos Grilled flour tortillas filled with shredded beef barbacoa, sweet Memphis BBQ sauce, a blend of cheddar cheeses, and pico de gallo. Topped with... $19.49 Fish Tacos Applebee's in-house, hand-battered haddock is lightly fried, then topped with shredded lettuce, house-made pico de gallo cilantro, and a spicy... $19.49 Classic Sides Side of French Fries $2.99 Side of Red-Skinned Garlic Mashed $2.99 Side of Mexi-Rice $2.99 Side of Cilantro Rice $2.99 Side of Seasonal Vegetable $2.99 Signature Sides Side of Loaded Red-Skinned Garlic Mashed Potatoes $6.99 Side of 4-Cheese Mac and Cheese with Bacon $8.99 Side Caesar Salad $5.99 Side of Sweet Potato Fries $5.99 Side of Waffle Fries $4.99 Side of Waffle Poutine $7.99 Side of Beer-Battered Onion Rings $5.99 Side of Applebee’s House Salad $5.99 Kid's Menu Kid's Chicken Breast Strips $8.99 Kid's Mac & Cheese $8.49 Kid's Hamburger $8.99 Kid's Cheeseburger $9.99 Kid's Rib-Lets $9.99 Kid’s Double Crunch Shrimp $7.99 Kid’s Cheese Pizza $6.99 Desserts Finish your meal by satisfying your sweet tooth! Dulce De Leche Caramel Cheesecake A rich, crustless cheesecake, served with caramel sauce and whipped cream. $8.50 Fudge Brownie Rich and delicious chocolate fudge brownie served with vanilla ice cream. $8.00 Brownie Bite Enjoy a sweet brownie bite served with vanilla ice cream. $2.75 Triple Chocolate Meltdown Warm, rich, fudge-filled chocolate cake topped with dark and white chocolate and drizzled with hot fudge. Served with vanilla ice cream. $8.00 Extras Gravy $1.99 Drinks Don't forget to quench your thirst! Canned Drinks (355 ml) Order from an assortment of canned beverages. $2.49 Dasani Bottled Water $3.49 Perrier $3.99 Beers and Coolers Alcohol items must be ordered with food. You must be 18+ to order alcohol items. Order will be subject to ID verification at the time of delivery. The name on your account must match the name of the person receiving the order. Your order may be cancelled if these conditions are not met. Bud Light (1 x 341 ml) (4.0% ABV) $6.00 Budweiser (1 x 341 ml) (5.0% ABV) $6.00 Labatt Blue (1 x 341 ml) (5.0% ABV) $6.00 Kokanee (341 ml) (5% ABV) $5.75 Smirnoff Ice (330 ml) (5% ABV) $7.00 White Claw (Black Cherry) (473 ml) (5% ABV) $7.00 White Claw (Mango) (473 ml) (5% ABV) $7.00 White Wine Alcohol items must be ordered with food. You must be 18+ to order alcohol items. Order will be subject to ID verification at the time of delivery. The name on your account must match the name of the person receiving the order. Your order may be cancelled if these conditions are not met. Barefoot White (750 ml) (13.5% ABV) $28.00 Longshot White (750 ml) (13% ABV) $31.00 Rose Wine Alcohol items must be ordered with food. You must be 18+ to order alcohol items. Order will be subject to ID verification at the time of delivery. The name on your account must match the name of the person receiving the order. Your order may be cancelled if these conditions are not met. Gallo White Zinfandel (750 ml) (8% ABV) $27.00 Red Wine Alcohol items must be ordered with food. You must be 18+ to order alcohol items. Order will be subject to ID verification at the time of delivery. The name on your account must match the name of the person receiving the order. Your order may be cancelled if these conditions are not met. Barefoot Merlot (750 ml) (13.5% ABV) $28.00 Longshot Cabernet Sauvignon (750 ml) (14% ABV) $31.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes