You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Athidhi Indian Restaurant 2085 University Ave W, Windsor, ON N9B 1E1, Canada 7.6 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Soups Idly, Vada, Bonda, and Puri Dosa Tandoori Starters Starters Biryani's Curries Naans/Rice Noodles Fried Rice Chaat Drinks Desserts Extras Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 252-4446 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Soups Sweet Corn Soup(Veg) A delicious soup made of corn and vegetables. $6.99 Manchow Soup(Veg) A delicious soup made of carrot, cabbage, and bell peppers. Comes with the side of fried noodles. $6.99 Idly, Vada, Bonda, and Puri Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $7.99 Ghee Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake topped with ghee. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $8.99 Podi Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake topped with roasted chana powder. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $8.99 Karam Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake topped with gunpowder. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $8.99 Sambar Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake dipped in sambar. $8.99 Ghee Podi Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake topped with ghee and roasted chana powder. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $9.99 Ghee Karam Idly 2 pieces of steamed rice cake topped with ghee and gunpowder. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $9.99 Vada 2 pieces of Deep-fried white lentil doughnut. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $9.99 Vada Sambar 2 pieces of Deep-fried white lentil doughnuts dipped in sambar. $10.99 Idly-Vada Combo 2 pieces of steamed rice cake and a deep-fried white lentil doughnut. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and lentil soup. $10.99 Mysore Bonda Fried dumplings made with all-purpose flour, yoghurt, and spices. Comes with a side of peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $10.99 Andhra Puri 2 pieces of Deep-fried whole wheat bread. Served with a side of Potato masala. $13.99 Idly Vada Sambar Steamed rice cake and a deep-fried white lentil doughnut dipped in sambar. $9.99 Bisibele Bath Flovorsome meal made with lentils, rice, mixed vegetables garnished with ghee and boondi. $9.99 Dosa Plain Dosa Crepe made with fermented lentil batter. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $10.99 Onion Dosa Crepe with onions spread on top. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $12.99 Onion Egg Dosa Crepe with onions and egg spread on top. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $13.99 Onion Masala Dosa Crepe stuffed with onions and Indian-style mashed potato spread on top. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $13.99 Onion Paneer Dosa Crepe topped with grated paneer and diced onions. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $16.99 Masala Dosa Crepe stuffed with Indian-style mashed potato. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $13.99 Mysore Masala Dosa A spicy crepe stuffed with Indian-style mashed potato. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $14.99 Paneer Dosa Crepe topped with grated paneer. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Ghee Dosa Crispy crepe made with ghee. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $14.99 Ghee Onion Dosa Crepe made of ghee and topped off with diced onions. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Ghee Masala Dosa Crepe made with ghee and stuffed with mildly spiced mashed potatoes. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Egg Dosa Crepe with an egg spread on top. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $12.99 Karam Dosa Crepe topped with gunpowder paste, made with fermented lentil batter. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $12.99 Egg Karam Dosa Crepe topped with an egg spread and gunpowder paste. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $13.99 Onion Karam Dosa Crepe topped with gunpowder paste and diced onions. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $13.99 Ghee Karam Dosa Crepe topped with gunpowder paste and roasted with ghee. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Paneer Karam Dosa Crepe topped with grated paneer and gunpowder paste. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $16.99 Karam Podi Dosa Crepe topped with gunpowder. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $12.99 Ghee Karam Podi Dosa Crepe topped with gunpowder and roasted with ghee. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Paneer Karam Podi Dosa Crepe topped with grated paneer and gunpowder. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $16.99 Cheese Dosa Crepe topped with grated cheese on top. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $15.99 Nutella Dosa Crepe spread with Nutella. Comes with a side of chocolate syrup and jam. $14.99 Cheese Masala Dosa Crepe topped with grated cheese and mildly spiced mashed potato stuffing. Comes with a side of Peanut chutney, tomato chutney, and sambar. $17.99 Tandoori Starters Chicken Tikka Chicken breast cubes marinated with yogurt, and spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $16.99 Tandoori Chicken Chicken thighs marinated with yogurt, and spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $15.99 Chicken Malai Tikka Chicken breast cubes marinated with cream, yogurt, and spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $17.99 Chicken Hariyali Tikka Chicken breast cubes marinated with yogurt, mint paste, and mild spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $17.99 Paneer Tikka Cottage cheese cubes marinated with yogurt, and spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $16.99 Paneer Malai Tikka Cottage cheese cubes marinated with cream, yogurt, and spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $17.99 Paneer Hariyali Tikka Cottage cheese cubes marinated with mint paste, yogurt, and mild spices and cooked in a clay oven. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $17.99 Starters Chicken 65 Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce. Comes with a side of Onions. $13.99 Chilli Chicken Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions and bell peppers Come with a side of Onions. $14.99 Chicken Pakoda Deep-fried chicken pieces marinated with Indian spices and besan. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $14.99 Apollo Chicken Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and Indian spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $15.99 Pepper Chicken Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and pepper. Comes with a side of Onions. $13.99 Chicken Manchuria Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and ketchup. Comes with a side of Onions. $14.99 Andhra Chicken Fry Deep-fried marinated bone-in chicken pieces sauteed with in-house spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $16.99 Andhra Mutton Fry Deep-fried mutton bone pieces sauteed with in-house spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $18.99 Fish 65 Deep-fried marinated boneless fish pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce. Comes with a side of Onions. $14.99 Chilli Fish Deep-fried marinated boneless fish pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions, and bell peppers. Comes with a side of Onions. $15.99 Fish Pakoda Deep-fried fish pieces marinated with spices and besan. Comes with a side of mint chutney and onions. $15.99 Apollo Fish Deep-fried marinated boneless fish pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and Indian spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $16.99 Shrimp 65 Deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce. Comes with a side of Onions. $16.99 Chilli Shrimp Deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions, and bell peppers. Comes with a side of Onions. $17.99 Onion Pakoda Deep-fried Onion marinated with besan and mild spices. $9.99 Mirchi Bajji Deep-fried green chilli marinated with besan and mild spices. Comes with a side of onions. $9.99 Paneer 65 Deep-fried cottage cheese pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce. Comes with a side of Onions. $13.99 Chilli Paneer Deep-fried cottage cheese pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions and bell peppers Come with a side of Onions. $14.99 Gobi 65 Deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce. Comes with a side of Onions. $13.99 Chilli Gobi Deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions and bell peppers Come with a side of Onions. $14.99 Gobi Manchuria Deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and ketchup. Comes with a side of Onions. $13.99 Chilli Idly Deep-fried steamed rice cake pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, Onions, and bell peppers. Comes with a side of Onions. $12.99 Apollo Shrimp Deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and Indian spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $17.99 Veg Samosa 5 pieces ofDeep-fried pastry shells filled with mashed potatoes, and peas with some salt and comes with mint chutney. $7.99 Chicken Samosa 5 pieces of Deep-Fried pastry shells filled with minced chicken, potatoes, peas, and Indian spices and comes with mint chutney. $8.99 Apollo Paneer Deep-fried cottage cheese pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce and Indian spices. Comes with a side of Onions. $15.99 Biryani's Chicken Dum Biryani Bone-in overnight marinated chicken with in-house flavored spices, cooked with basmati rice on low heat. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), $12.99 Chicken 65 Biryani Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce and topped with flavored basmati rice. Served with a side of raita, $14.99 Chilli Chicken Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, onions, and bell peppers. Served... $15.99 Mughlai Chicken Biryani Deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce, scrambled eggs, and flavored basmati rice. Served with a side of raita, $15.99 Chicken Fry Piece Biryani Bone Flavored basmati rice topped with fried bone in marinated chicken pieces sauteed with in-house gravy and Indian spices. Served with a side of raita, $15.99 Apollo Chicken Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, $16.99 Athidhi Special Chicken Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces sauteed with in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, $17.99 Gongura Chicken Biryani Flavoured basmati rice topped with fried bone in marinated chicken pieces sauteed in gongura pickle and in-house gravy. Served with a side of raita, $16.99 Chicken Ghee Roast Biryani Flavoured basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces roasted with ghee, and in-house special gravy. Served with a side of... $18.99 Mutton Fry Piece Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with fried bone in marinated mutton pieces sauteed with in-house gravy and Indian spices. Served with a side of raita, $19.99 Gongura Mutton Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with fried bone-in marinated mutton pieces sauteed in Gongura pickle and in-house gravy. Served with a side of raita, $19.99 Shrimp 65 Biryani Deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce, topped with flavored basmati rice. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), $16.99 Chilli Shrimp Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, onions, and bell peppers. Served with a... $17.99 Paneer 65 Biryani Deep-fried cottage cheese cubes sauteed with spicy yogurt sauce, topped with flavored basmati rice. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), and... $14.99 Chilli Paneer Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried cottage cheese cubes sauteed with in-house schezwan sauce, onions, and bell peppers. Served with a side... $15.99 Apollo Paneer Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried cottage cheese cubes sauteed with in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), $16.99 Athidhi Special Paneer Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried cottage cheese cubes sauteed with in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), $17.99 Paneer Ghee Roast Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried cottage cheese cubes roasted with ghee, and in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, salan... $18.99 Gongura Paneer Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with fried cottage cheese cubes sauteed in Gongura pickle and in-house gravy. Served with a side of raita, salan... $16.99 Apollo Shrimp Biryani Flavored basmati rice topped with deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces sauteed with in-house special gravy. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), $18.99 Veg Dum Biryani ( Hyderabadi style) Mixed vegetables marinated with in-house flavored spices, cooked with basmati rice on low heat. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), and... $13.99 Egg Dum Biryani Fried egg with in-house flavored spices, cooked with basmati rice on low heat. Served with a side of raita, salan (gravy), and onions. $11.99 Curries Butter Chicken Boneless chicken pieces cooked with delicious in-house tomato sauce, butter, spices, and cream. $14.99 Chicken Tikka Masala Curry Boneless chicken pieces cooked with in-house creamy sauce, and flavorful spices. $14.99 Malabar Chicken Curry Boneless chicken pieces cooked with in-house tomato sauce, coconut cream, and flavorful spices. $13.99 Andhra Chicken Curry Chicken bone pieces cooked with in-house tomato sauce, spices, onions, and pepper. $15.99 Malabar Mutton Curry Boneless mutton pieces cooked with in-house tomato sauce, coconut cream, and flavorful spices. $17.99 Paneer Butter Masala Cottage cheese cubes cooked with delicious in-house tomato sauce, butter, spices, and cream. $14.99 Paneer Tikka Masala Cottage cheese cubes cooked with in-house creamy sauce, and flavorful spices. $14.99 Malabar Paneer Curry Cottage cheese cubes cooked with in-house tomato sauce, coconut cream, and flavorful spices. $13.99 Palak Paneer Cottage Cheese cubes cooked with in-house saag gravy, cream, and some flavorful spices. $13.99 Paneer Bhurji Grated cottage cheese cooked with in-house tomato sauce and mild spices. $17.99 Kaju Curry A delicious in-house tomato gravy cooked with cashew paste and roasted cashews. $14.99 Mixed Veg Korma An in-house tomato-based gravy cooked with a mix of broccoli, carrots, beans, and flavorful spices. $13.99 Chana Masala Curry A tomato-based gravy cooked with boiled chickpeas and mild spices. $11.99 Dal Makhani Slow-cooked lentils with butter, garlic, ginger, tomatoes, and cream. $11.99 Malai Egg Curry Boiled grated eggs cooked with in-house tomato sauce, cream, and mild spices. $12.99 Kaju Chicken Curry Boneless marinated chicken pieces cooked in a delicious in-house tomato gravy with cashew paste and roasted cashews. $16.99 Kaju Paneer Curry Cottage cheese cubes cooked in a delicious in-house tomato gravy with cashew paste and roasted cashews. $16.99 Vindaloo Chicken Curry Boneless marinated chicken pieces cooked with in-house tomato gravy, vindaloo paste, and flavorful spices. $14.99 Vindaloo Paneer Curry Cottage cheese cubes cooked with in-house tomato gravy, vindaloo paste, and flavorful spices. $14.99 Vindaloo Mutton Curry Marinated mutton pieces cooked with in-house tomato gravy, vindaloo paste, and flavorful spices. $17.99 Chettinad Chicken Curry Boneless chicken pieces cooked in spicy chettinad gravy. $14.99 Ginger Chicken Curry Boneless chicken pieces cooked with in-house chilli sauce and ginger sauce. $14.99 Ginger Paneer Curry Cottage cheese cubes cooked with in-house chilli sauce and ginger sauce. $14.99 Special Chicken Curry Boneless marinated chicken pieces cooked with in-house special gravy and flavorful spices. $15.99 Special Paneer Curry Cottage cheese cubes cooked with in-house special gravy and flavorful spices. $15.99 Mushroom Curry Mushrooms cooked with in-house special gravy and flavorful spices. $14.99 Naans/Rice Butter Naan All-purpose flour bread baked in a clay oven. Topped with butter. $3.49 Garlic Naan All-purpose flour bread spread with garlic and baked in a clay oven. Topped with butter. $3.99 Onion Naan All-purpose flour bread spread with diced onions and baked in a clay oven. Topped with butter. $3.99 Sesame Naan All-purpose flour bread baked in a clay oven and spread with butter and sesame seeds. $3.99 Bullet Naan All-purpose flour bread spread with chillies and baked in a clay oven. Topped with butter. $4.49 Jeera Rice Basmati rice sauteed with cumin powder and some cumin seeds. $8.99 Garlic Rice Basmati rice sauteed with garlic powder and crushed garlic. $8.99 Plain Rice $6.49 Noodles Veg Noodles Noodles sauteed with Vegetables and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $13.99 Gobi Noodles Noodles sauteed with veggies, deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and... $13.99 Paneer Noodles Noodles sauteed with veggies, deep-fried cottage cheese pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $15.99 Egg Noodles Noodles sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $13.99 Chicken Noodles Noodles sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of... $15.99 Shrimp Noodles Noodles sauteed with veggies, deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $16.99 Mixed Noodles (Veg) Noodles sauteed with a mix of deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces, cottage cheese pieces, Veggies, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side... $16.99 Mixed Noodles (Non-Veg) Noodles sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces, shrimp pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a... $17.99 Fried Rice Veg Fired Rice Basmati rice sauteed with Vegetables and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $13.99 Gobi Fried Rice Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce... $13.99 Paneer Fried Rice Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, deep-fried cottage cheese pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and... $15.99 Egg Fried Rice Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and onions. $13.99 Chicken Fried Rice Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of... $15.99 Shrimp Fried Rice Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, deep-fried marinated shrimp pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a side of ketchup, chili sauce and... $16.99 Mixed Fried Rice (Veg) Basmati rice sauteed with a mix of deep-fried marinated cauliflower pieces, cottage cheese pieces, Veggies, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes with a... $16.99 Mixed Fried Rice (Non-Veg) Basmati rice sauteed with veggies, scrambled eggs, deep-fried marinated boneless chicken pieces, shrimp pieces, and in-house schezwan sauce. Comes... $17.99 Chaat Pani Puri Fried Pastry balls filled with onions, mild spiced mashed potato and chickpea, and tamarind water. $7.99 Bhel Puri Puffed rice mixed with onions, mint chutney, tamarind sauce, mild spices, and crushed fried pastry balls. $8.99 Dahi Puri Fried Pastry balls filled with onions, mild spiced mashed potato and chickpea, tamarind sauce, mint chutney, and yogurt. $10.99 Sev Puri Fried pastry balls filled with onions, mild spiced mashed potato, chickpea, tamarind sauce and mint chutney. $10.99 Chaat Paapdi Fried dough wafers topped with onions, mild spiced mashed potato and chickpea, tamarind sauce, mint chutney, and yogurt. $9.99 Samosa Chaat Fried samosa topped with chickpea gravy, onions, tamarind sauce, mint chutney, and yogurt. $12.99 Aloo Tikki Chaat Fried potato cutlet topped with chickpea gravy, onions, tamarind sauce, mint chutney, and yogurt. $13.99 Chole Puri 2 pieces of Deep-fried whole wheat bread served with chickpea masala and raita. $14.99 Drinks Masala Tea Simmered milk with the mixture of crushed ginger, crushed cardamom, cloves, cinnamon, black tea powder and little bit sugar. $3.99 Andhra Coffee Indian-style coffee with milk. $3.99 Butter Milk (Salt) Blended buttermilk with salt flavor and topped with a pinch of cumin powder. $3.99 Butter Milk (Sweet) Blended buttermilk with sugar. $3.99 Mango Lassi Mango pulp mixed with yogurt. $5.49 Thums Up Famous Indian Pop $3.99 Lemon Soda-Salt Fresh lemon juice mixed with salt and bubbling soda. $4.49 Lemon Soda-Sweet Fresh lemon juice mixed with sugar and bubbling soda. $4.49 Masala Soda-Jaljeera Fresh lemon juice mixed with salt, Jaljeera powder, and bubbling soda. $4.49 Water Bottle $1.99 Pop $1.99 Boost Boiled milk with boost powder. $3.99 Horlicks Boiled milk with Horlicks powder. $3.99 Rose Milk Rose syrup blended with milk. $5.49 Cold Boost Boiled milk with boost powder and ice cubes. $4.99 Cold Horlicks Boiled milk with Horlicks powder and ice cubes. $4.99 Cold Coffee Coffee with ice cubes. $4.99 Badam Milk( Hot) Boiled milk with badam powder. $3.99 Desserts Ice Cream (3 Scoops) Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, and Assorted (mix of all three). $5.49 Gulab Jamun Deep-fried cottage cheese and flour balls soaked in saffron-flavored sugar syrup. Topped with granulated pistachios. $4.99 Carrot Halwa Dessert made with shredded carrots, milk, sugar, and ghee. Topped with granulated pistachios. $5.49 Rasmalai A creamy and milky syrup with cottage cheese patties. Topped with granulated pistachios. $5.49 Gulab Jamun with Ice Cream Deep-fried cottage cheese and flour balls soaked in saffron-flavored sugar syrup. Comes with Vanilla Ice cream. Topped with granulated pistachios. $6.99 Mango Rasmalai A creamy and milky syrup with mango pulp and cottage cheese patties. Topped with granulated pistachios. $5.49 Moong Daal Halwa Dessert made of mung lentils, milk, ghee, and sugar. Topped with granulated pistachios. $5.49 Falooda A dessert made with vermicelli, jelly, rose syrup, milk, ice cream and sweet basil seeds. $8.99 Nutella Sandwich $6.99 Extras Sambar $1.99 Coconut/peanut Chutney $1.99 Tomato Red Chutney $1.29 Green Chilli Sauce $1.29 Raita $1.99 Salan $1.99 Onions-Lemon $1.99 Mint Chutney $1.99 Boondi Raita $3.49 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes