You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Big Time Eats and Entertainment 2411 Dougall Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 1T3, Canada 9.3 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Sociables Handheld Delights Hand Crafted Artisan Pizzas Little Bites Sides and Salads Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 969-5500 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Sociables Bam Bam Shrimp Battered shrimp served with citrus aioli. $20.99 Big Time Nachos Crisp tortilla chips, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, black olives, peppers, and onions, served with sour cream, salsa, and jalapeños. $18.99 Big Time Tater Bomb Crisp tater tots, shredded cheese, chipotle aioli, green onions, bacon, and smokey BBQ sauce. $18.99 Chicken Wings 1lb Dusted wings, tossed in your choice of house made sauce. $19.99 Chicken Wings 2lbs Dusted Wings, tossed in your choice of house made sauce $34.99 Grilled Cajun Chicken Quesadilla Flour tortilla, chicken, triple cheese, sautéed peppers and onions served with sour cream and salsa. $17.99 Angry Canadian Fresh cut fries, Quebec cheese curds, beef gravy. $15.49 Smokin Frites Fresh cut fries, Quebec cheese cards, pulled pork smokey, BBQ sauce, and beef gravy. $18.99 Chicken Tenders Crisp tenders served with plum sauce, fresh-cut fries served with plum sauce. $18.99 Handheld Delights All handheld delights are served with fresh-cut fries. upgrade to Caesar salad, mixed greens with balsamic vinaigrette, or onion rings for an additional price. BIG Time American Burger Crispy bacon, American cheese, arugula, tomato, onion, pickle, and BIG E sauce. $20.99 BIG Time Overload Triple patty, pulled pork, crispy onions, arugula, tomato, pickles, BIG E sauce, between grilled cheese sandwiches. $24.99 Big Smoke Sandwich In house made pulled pork smokey BBQ sauce, cole slaw, crisp onion, artisan bun. $19.35 Southern Smoke Burger Pulled Pork, crispy onions, arugula, tomato, pickles, and BBQ sauce. $20.99 Straight Up Burger Arugula, tomato, onion, pickle, and BIG E sauce. $18.99 The Cheese Arugula, tomato, onion, pickle, BIG E sauce, and cheese. $19.99 Ultimate Grilled Cheese Burger Arugula, tomato, onion, pickle, BIG E sauce, between grilled cheese sandwiches. $22.99 Wicked Chicken Club Grilled marinated chicken breast, crisp bacon, lettuce, tomato, caramelized onion, sriracha aioli, and artisan bun. $20.49 All Vegged - Up Wrap Crisp falafels, lettuce, feta cheese, black olives, roasted peppers, tomatoes, red onions, garlic sauce, and tortilla wrap. $18.99 Buffalo Chicken Wrap Breaded chicken breast, crisp bacon, aged Cheddar, buffalo sauce, blue cheese dressing, lettuce, tomato, and tortilla wrap. $18.99 Hand Crafted Artisan Pizzas 14" Hand tossed pizza. The OG Tomato sauce, shredded pepperoni, and mozzarella. $19.99 Carnivore Tomato sauce, shredded pepperoni, smoked bacon, ham, ground beef, and mozzarella. $23.99 Cheeseburger Cheeseburger Tomato sauce, tri color cheese, ground beef, bacon, caramelized onion, and sriracha aioli drizzle. $22.99 Aloha Tomato sauce, in house-made pulled pork, golden pineapple, mozzarella, BBQ Sauce Drizzle. $22.99 Going Back to Cali Garlic oil, tomato, roasted red peppers, feta, mushrooms, mozzarella, fresh arugula, balsamic drizzle. $22.99 Create Your Own Pizza Feeling creative? Don't see a pizza that quite satisfies your craving? Build your own! Pick your sauce and toppings. All Build Your Own Pizzas come... $17.99 Little Bites Easy meals for your little ones. All little bites come with a can pop or juice and fresh-baked cookie. Cheeseburger Plain cheeseburger on a toasted bun, served with fresh-cut fries and a chocolate chip cookie. $12.99 Chicken Tenders Fresh-cut fries and chocolate chip cookies. $12.99 Grilled Cheese Fresh-cut fries and chocolate chip cookies. $12.99 Cheese Quesadilla Tortilla wrap, and cheese, served with salsa sour cream comes with a chocolate chip cookie. $12.99 Sides and Salads Fresh Cut Fries Mountain of crispy, golden fries. $7.99 Greek Salad Romaine, red onions, black olives, tomatoes, and feta with a herb red wine vinaigrette. $11.49 Sweet Potato Fries Chipotle aioli. $11.99 Onion Rings $9.99 Caesar Salad Large Caesar Salad, complete with real crumbled bacon, croutons, and dressing on the side. $11.49 Mixed Greens with Balsamic Vinaigrette Mixed greens with veggies served with balsamic vinaigrette on the side. $10.25 Desserts 6 Cookies Freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. $6.99 Nutso Pizza Pizza dough smothered with Nutella and topped with banana slices. Dusted with icing sugar and strawberry sauce. $15.50 Peanut Butter Fudge Brownie Cheesecake Flourless brownie mixed with peanut butter cheesecake. $11.99 Beverages Drinks $1.49 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes