You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Biryani & Grill 325 Wyandotte Street West, Windsor, ON, Canada 6.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Weekend Specials Snacks Grilled and BBQ Curries Rice Vegetarian Butter naan Dessert Beverages Extras Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 221-9888 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Weekend Specials Weekend specials are available on Saturdays and Sundays. Halwa Puri Chole (2 pcs) Two deep-fried puri served with chickpeas masala, Amritsari potato curry, and halwa. $11.99 Mutton Biryani Marinated mutton with cumin powder, coriander powder, and star anise powder. $17.99 Snacks Add some snacks to start your meal. Spring Roll One crispy deep-fried spring roll. $1.50 Patty Puffed pastry stuffed with chicken. $1.50 French Fries Fresh-cut fried potatoes. $6.99 Dahi Bhalle deep-fried dal dumplings served with chilled yogurt and chutneys. $6.99 Kabab Wrap Kabab wrap with your choice of beef or chicken. $10.99 Paneer Tikka Wrap Slightly grilled homemade cheese cubes cooked with tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. $10.99 Kabab Wrap Combo Kabab wrap combo with your choice of beef or chicken, served with fries. $13.99 House Salad Crisp lettuce, tomatoes, croutons, cheese, and cucumbers. $5.99 Grilled and BBQ Try these savoury and delicious main dishes! Bihari Kabab Traditional kabab popular in Bihar. Tender beef strips marinated with onions, ginger, garlic, mustard oil, and special spices. $15.99 Chapli Kabab (2 pcs) Minced meat kababs marinated with onions, tomatoes, herbs, and spices and shallow fried. One order comes with two pieces. $10.99 Tandoori Chicken Whole chicken leg marinated with tandoori masala and roasted in a clay oven. $8.99 Chicken Tikka Boneless chicken pieces marinated with spices and roasted in a clay oven. $8.99 Seekh Kabab (2 pcs) Ground meat kabab wrapped around skewers and cooked in a clay oven. One order comes with two skewers. $10.99 Shami Kabab (2 pcs) Boneless beef pieces cooked with onions, ginger, garlic, and whole hot spices until tender, ground and shaped into round patties. One order comes... $10.99 Curries Exquisite curry dishes. Chicken karahi(curry) chicken peices cooked in a traditional and flavourful gravy with a special blend of spices. $9.99 Mutton karahi(lamb curry) Soft tender chunks of lamb meat in Indian-style spiced onion and tomato gravy. $17.99 Nihari Traditional beef chunks slow-cooked with aromatic spices served with ginger, lime, and coriander. $10.50 Butter Chicken Boneless chicken marinated in yogurt and spices then cooked in a mild cream-based curry. $11.99 Rice Rice dishes prepared with special spices and fresh ingredients. Chicken Biryani Chicken pieces marinated in yogurt, fried onions, fresh mint, fresh coriander, lime juice, spices, and steamed cooked with layers of basmati rice. $12.99 Vegetable biryani Mixed veggies and paneer( cottage cheese) marinated with special blend of spices and slow cooked with rice. $12.99 Plain Rice Plain steamed rice. $4.50 Zeera Rice Rice cooked with cumin seeds. $5.50 Vegetarian Special vegetarian dishes. Daal Fry Onions, tomatoes, and spices. $9.99 Butter Paneer Paneer pieces marinated in yogurt and spices and cooked in a mild cream-based curry. $10.99 Daal makhni Black lentil cooked with spicies, cream and butter till tender $11.99 Butter naan Fresh bread Butter Naan Freashly baked bread in traditional tandoor and brushed with butter $2.50 Garlic naan Fresh bread baked with garlic and herbs in traditional tandoor brushed with butter. $3.50 Dessert Delightful Indian dessert! Kheer Rice pudding. $3.99 Ras malai $3.99 Gulab jamun $3.99 Beverages Don't forget to add a refreshing beverage to your order! Canned Pop Choose from an assortment of canned pop. $1.50 Bottled Pop Choose from an assortment of bottled pop. $3.00 Bottled Water Add a bottle of refreshing mineral water to your order. $1.25 Lassi Choose your favourite flavour, with your choice of white, pink, and salty. $3.99 Mango lassi $4.99 Extras Raita Yogurt based sauce blend with herbs and spices $1.10 Mirchi ka salan Special spicy sauce $1.25 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes