You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Bistro at the River 78 Riverside Dr W, Windsor, ON N9A 0A3, Canada 9.3 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Salads Bistro Gourmet Pizzas Burgers Wraps and Sandwiches Entrees Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 971-0100 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Bruschetta Artisan bread topped with local tomatoes, onions, fresh garlic, and basil with mozzarella cheese baked on top. $15.50 Dusted Chicken Wings A pound and a half of dusted wings with your choice of mild, medium, hot, honey garlic, suicide, spicy caesar, cajun dusted, cajun bbq, or garlic... $24.00 Chicken Fingers And Fries House-made chicken fingers served with honey garlic and fresh-cut fries. $22.50 Poutine Fresh-cut fries topped with cheese curds and house-made beef gravy. $12.25 Cheese Wedges Cheese wedges served with ranch or marinara hand-breaded mozzarella wedges fried to perfection and topped with fresh parmesan cheese. $15.75 Salads Bistro House Salad Fresh mixed greens, grape tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers served with Bistro's signature honey balsamic dressing. $11.50 Greek Salad Romaine lettuce, kalamata olives, red onions, cucumbers, grape tomatoes, and feta cheese served with red wine vinaigrette. $13.25 Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce hearts, garlic herb croutons, crispy bacon tossed with garlic caesar dressing topped with freshly grated parmesan cheese and lemon... $12.25 Candied Pecan Salad Fresh mixed greens, cranberries infused with blueberry juice, candied pecans, red onions, and crumbled goat cheese served with Bistro's signature... $20.75 Bistro Gourmet Pizzas Pepperoni Pizza Shredded pepperoni and mozzarella cheese. $18.50 Grilled Veggie Pesto Pizza Grilled peppers, onions, zucchini, mushrooms, and tomatoes baked with pesto, mozzarella, and feta cheese. $21.75 Meat Lovers Pizza Shredded pepperoni, crispy bacon, sausage, and ham topped with mozzarella cheese. $23.00 Buffalo Chicken Pizza House-made bbq sauce topped with breaded chicken breast, crispy bacon, tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese drizzled with ranch dressing. $23.00 Angry Hawaiian Ham, pineapple, and hot banana peppers baked with mozzarella cheese. $21.75 Spinach Dip Pizza House-made spinach dip topped with mozzarella and freshly grated parmesan cheese. $21.75 Burgers Classic Bistro Burger $19.00 Beyond Meat Veggie Burger $18.00 Wraps and Sandwiches Perch Wrap Breaded perch fillet, tartar, mixed greens, coleslaw, and pickles wrapped and grilled in a tortilla. $22.50 Grilled Vegan Pesto Pita Grilled peppers, zucchini, tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms tossed with pesto on a grilled vegan pita. $21.25 Philly Cheese Steak Grilled rib eye steak with caramelized onions and fresh cheese sauce and topped with red onion strings on a fresh grilled hoagie bun. $21.85 Turkey Club Oven-roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, and bacon topped with cranberry mayo served on grilled focaccia bread. $21.85 Cajun Chicken Melt Blackened grilled chicken with lettuce, tomato, and cheddar cheese topped with cajun mayo served on grilled focaccia bread. $21.85 Chicken Avocado Wrap Grilled chicken breast, mixed greens, tomatoes, avocado, mozzarella cheese, and garlic aioli in a grilled wrap. $22.50 Chicken Parm Wrap Breaded chicken, house-made marinara, and mozzarella wrapped in a tortilla grilled with garlic and parmesan cheese. $21.85 Grilled Cheese Parmesan Sandwich Fried breaded mozzarella wedges topped with marinara, hot peppers and fresh spinach on grilled focaccia bread. $20.25 Chicken N Waffles Breaded chicken tossed in buffalo sauce topped with bacon, maple syrup, and coleslaw on top of syrup-infused waffles. $21.85 Buffalo Chicken Sandwich Breaded chicken breast tossed in buffalo sauce with lettuce, tomato, and bacon finished with ranch dressing served on a fresh garlic bun. $21.85 Entrees Perch dinner $26.50 Chicken Parmesan $26.50 Ribs $23.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes