You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Booster Juice 7546 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8T 1E9, Canada 9.2 View Hours Limited Time Offer Combos Classic Smoothies Spirit Smoothies Refresh Smoothies High Protein Smoothies Superfood Smoothies Superfood+ Smoothies Fresh Juice Grilled Fresh Grilled Fresh Breakfast Specialty Items Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 674-3600 before placing your order. Limited Time Offer Gingerbread Smoothie (Regular Size) Made with bananas, vanilla oat milk, granola, vanilla frozen yogurt and gingerbread spice. $9.48 Gingerbread Smoothie (Snack Size) Made with bananas, vanilla oat milk, granola, vanilla frozen yogurt and gingerbread spice. $6.20 Candy Cane Booster Ball (120 cals) Made with almond butter, cocoa powder, whey protein, maple syrup, peppermint extract, chocolate chip, candy cane and sea salt. $3.11 Caramel Popcorn Booster Ball (140 cal) Made with cashews, gluten free oats, caramel popcorn, peanut butter, honey and vanilla extract. $3.11 Monster Booster Ball (140 cal) Made with Wowbutter®, gluten free oats, honey, Mini M&M’s®, chocolate chips and vanilla extract. (140 cals each - 4g protein) $3.11 Pumpkin Patch (Snack Size) Made with pumpkin puree, bananas, mangos, pineapple, skim milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, and pumpkin pie spice. $6.20 Pumpkin Patch (Regular Size) Made with pumpkin puree, bananas, mangos, pineapple, skim milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, and pumpkin pie spice. $9.48 Combos Regular Combo Any regular size smoothie with any grilled fresh item. $16.60 Snack Combo Any snack-size smoothie with any grilled fresh item. $14.11 Fresh Juice Combo Any 473 ml juice with any grilled fresh item. $16.37 Family Pack Any two regular size smoothies and any two snack-size smoothies. $26.99 2 Can Booster Any two regular smoothies and any two grilled fresh Items. $32.19 4 Can Booster Any two regular smoothies, any two snack smoothies, and any four grilled fresh Items. $55.99 Regular Triple Play Combo Any regular smoothie, and any single shot, and any Booster ball. $13.99 Snack Triple Play Combo Any snack smoothie, any single shot, and any Booster ball. $11.69 Fresh Juice Triple Play Combo Any 473ml juice, any single shot, and any Booster ball. $13.99 Fresh Juice Combo - Celery Celery Juice with any Grilled Fresh item. $18.63 Classic Smoothies Try one of Booster Juice's classic smoothies. Strawberry Sunshine (Regular Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, passion fruit, guava, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 Strawberry Sunshine (Snack Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, passion fruit, guava, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 Very Berry (Regular Size) Made with blueberries, raspberries, strawberry, cranberry, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 Very Berry (Snack Size) Made with blueberries, raspberries, strawberry, cranberry, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 The Original (Regular Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, orange, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 The Original (Snack Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, orange, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 Mango Hurricane (Regular Size) Made with mangos, strawberries, guava, passion fruit, peach, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 Mango Hurricane (Snack Size) Made with mangos, strawberries, guava, passion fruit, peach, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 Tropical Tornado (Regular Size) Made with mangos, bananas, pineapple, strawberry, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 Tropical Tornado (Snack Size) Made with mangos, bananas, pineapple, strawberry, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 Breezy Banana (Regular Size) Made with bananas, mangos, passion fruit, guava, peach, and probiotic yogurt. $8.69 Breezy Banana (Snack Size) Made with bananas, mangos, passion fruit, guava, peach, and probiotic yogurt. $5.98 Spirit Smoothies Choose from a variety of fun and tasty spirit smoothies. Funky Monkey (Regular Size) Made with bananas, chocolate almond milk, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $8.69 Funky Monkey (Snack Size) Made with bananas, chocolate almond milk, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $5.98 Orangesicle (Regular Size) Made with orange and vanilla frozen yogurt. $8.69 Orangesicle (Snack Size) Made with orange and vanilla frozen yogurt. $5.98 Canadian Colada (Regular Size) Made with pineapples, bananas, vanilla frozen yogurt, and coconut. $8.69 Canadian Colada (Snack Size) Made with pineapples, bananas, vanilla frozen yogurt, and coconut. $5.98 Berry Cream Sensation (Regular Size) Made with blueberries, strawberries, guava, passion fruit, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $8.69 Berry Cream Sensation (Snack Size) Made with blueberries, strawberries, guava, passion fruit, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $5.98 Pineapple Freeze (Regular Size) Made with pineapples, bananas, strawberries, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $8.69 Pineapple Freeze (Snack Size) Made with pineapples, bananas, strawberries, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $5.98 Pea (NOT) Butter 2.0 (Regular Size) Made with WowButter®, bananas, skim milk and vanilla frozen yogurt. $8.69 Pea (NOT) Butter 2.0 (Snack Size) Made with WowButter®, bananas, skim milk and vanilla frozen yogurt. $5.98 Refresh Smoothies A delicious variety of hardcore smoothies that will satisfy all your taste buds. Tropi-Kale (Regular Size) Made with kale, mangos, bananas, apples, and pineapple. $9.59 Tropi-Kale (Snack Size) Made with kale, mangos, bananas, apples, and pineapple. $6.32 Spinach Is In It (Regular Size) Made with spinach, parsley, mangos, apples, and açai. $9.59 Spinach Is In It (Snack Size) Made with spinach, parsley, mangos, apples, and açai. $6.32 UnBEETable (Regular Size) Made with beets, carrots, strawberries, mangos, and apples. $9.59 UnBEETable (Snack Size) Made with beets, carrots, strawberries, mangos, and apples. $6.32 Coco Crush (Regular Size) Made with coconut water, pineapples, bananas, and coconut. $9.59 Coco Crush (Snack Size) Made with coconut water, pineapples, bananas, and coconut. $6.32 Wildberry Rush (Regular Size) Made with basil, strawberries, blueberries, apples, and coconut water. $9.59 Wildberry Rush (Snack Size) Made with basil, strawberries, blueberries, apples, and coconut water. $6.32 High Protein Smoothies These smoothies will keep you full for hours as they are packed with protein and flavour. Bananas-A-Whey Made with bananas, pineapple, skim milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.14 Ripped Berry Made with blueberries, raspberries, cranberry, skim milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, honey, and whey protein. $9.14 Strawberry Storm Made with strawberries, raspberries, cranberry, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.14 Banango Burst Made with bananas, mangos, passion fruit, guava, and whey protein. $9.14 Nuttin' Better Made with WowButter®, bananas, skim milk, pineapple, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.14 Superfood Smoothies Try one of these ultra-healthy, super-food smoothies. Brazilian Thunder (Regular Size) Made with açai, raspberries, bananas, strawberry, and probiotic yogurt. $9.48 Brazilian Thunder (Snack Size) Made with açai, raspberries, bananas, strawberry, and probiotic yogurt. $6.20 Pomegranate Passion (Regular Size) Made with pomegranate, strawberries, raspberries, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $9.48 Pomegranate Passion (Snack Size) Made with pomegranate, strawberries, raspberries, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $6.20 Matcha Monsoon (Regular Size) Made with pure matcha green tea, vanilla almond milk, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $9.48 Matcha Monsoon (Snack Size) Made with pure matcha green tea, vanilla almond milk, and vanilla frozen yogurt. $6.20 Marathon (Regular Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, cranberry, orange, probiotic yogurt, plus soy protein powder and Energy & Combo Boosters®. $9.48 Marathon (Snack Size) Made with strawberries, bananas, cranberry, orange, probiotic yogurt, plus soy protein powder and Energy & Combo Boosters®. $6.20 Lemon Berry (Regular Size) Made with lemons, strawberries, pineapples, cranberry and pomegranate. $9.48 Lemon Berry (Snack Size) Made with lemons, strawberries, pineapples, cranberry and pomegranate. $6.20 Superfood+ Smoothies Delicious, healthy, and energizing! Pomegranate Punch Made with pomegranate, raspberries, bananas, strawberry, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.59 High Impact Acai Made with açai, raspberries, cranberry, skim milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.59 Mind Over Matcha Made with pure matcha green tea, blueberries, vanilla almond milk, vanilla frozen yogurt, and whey protein. $9.59 Fresh Juice Heavenly Horizon Made with whole juiced apples, lemons, ginger and blended with pineapples. $8.69 Strawberry Lemon-Aid Made with freshly juiced apples, ginger, lemons, carrots and blended with strawberries. $8.69 Hail to the Kale Made with freshly juiced apples, ginger, lemons, kale, and basil. $8.69 Red Sunrise Made with freshly juice carrots, beets, and apples. $8.69 Ginger Hammer Made with freshly juiced ginger, carrots, and apples. $8.69 Maui Juice Made with fresh-squeezed oranges and blended with pineapples and bananas. $8.69 Tahiti Squeeze Made with whole juiced apples and oranges, and blended with strawberries. $8.69 Green Hornet Made with freshly juiced carrots, celery, spinach, and parsley. $8.69 Apple Juice Made with whole juiced apples. $8.69 Carrot Juice Made with whole juiced carrots. $8.69 Orange Juice Made with fresh-squeezed oranges. $8.69 Celery Juice Made with fresh juiced celery. $11.29 Grilled Fresh Chipotle Chicken Wrap Grilled chicken strips, Monterey Jack cheese, chipotle sauce, mixed peppers, and red onions served on a whole wheat tortilla shell. $9.37 Chicken Quesadilla Grilled chicken strips, Monterey Jack cheese, salsa, mixed peppers, and red onions served on a whole wheat tortilla shell. $9.37 Chipotle Steak Wrap Grilled steak strips, Monterey Jack cheese, chipotle sauce, mixed peppers, and red onions served on a whole wheat tortilla shell. $9.37 Pesto Chicken Panini Grilled chicken strips, Monterey Jack cheese, pesto sauce, mixed peppers, low-fat mayo, and red onions served on grilled focaccia bread. $9.37 Chipotle Chicken Panini Grilled chicken strips, Monterey Jack cheese, chipotle sauce, mixed peppers, and red onions served on grilled focaccia bread. $9.37 Tuna Wrap Tuna, spinach, Monterey jack cheese, celery, and low-fat mayo served on a whole wheat tortilla shell. $9.37 Chipotle Steak Panini Grilled steak strips, Monterey Jack cheese, chipotle sauce, mixed peppers, and red onions served on grilled focaccia bread. $9.37 Grilled Cheese Made with Monterey Jack cheese on a grilled focaccia bread. $5.64 Grilled Fresh Breakfast Egg White and Cheese Wrap Egg whites, Monterey Jack cheese, and salsa served on a whole wheat tortilla shell. Vegetarian approved. $5.98 Specialty Items Açai Energy Bowl Açai, coconut milk, spinach, strawberries, topped with granola and fresh bananas. Vegetarian approved. $7.90 Sweet Greens Bowl Pineapple, kale, spinach, mangos, topped with chia seeds and hemp hearts. Vegetarian approved. $7.90 Lemon and Ginger Shot The perfect mix of freshly juiced lemon and ginger. $3.15 Lemon, Ginger, Turmeric and Coconut Fresh lemon, ginger, coconut water and turmeric. $3.15 Orange, Ginger and Cayenne Fresh orange, ginger, and a sprinkle of cayenne. $3.15 Wheatgrass Shot Wheatgrass Shot. $4.17 Booster Ball Contains nuts. $3.11 Chocolate Chip Booster Ball Contains nuts. $3.11 2 Booster Balls Contains nuts. $5.65 3 Booster Balls Contains nuts. $7.06 4 Booster Balls Contains nuts. $9.04 Caramel Popcorn Booster Ball (140 cal) Made with cashews, gluten free oats, caramel popcorn, peanut butter, honey and vanilla extract. $3.11 Candy Cane Booster Ball (120 cals) Made with almond butter, cocoa powder, whey protein, maple syrup, peppermint extract, chocolate chip, candy cane and sea salt. $3.11 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes