You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Bubi's Awesome Eats 620 University Ave W, Windsor, ON N9A 4Z2, Canada 9.4 View Hours Community Support Appetizers Salads Sammies and Stuff Burgers Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 252-2001 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Appetizers Russian Peanuts A heap and pile of deep-fried whole garlic cloves, served with garlic pita triangles and Bubi's sauce. Garlic with garlic, with a little more garlic. $11.44 Hummus Country-style ground chickpeas, tahini, lemon, and garlic, served with a garlic Greek pita, a pile of vegetable sticks, and scattered with a few... $13.74 Original Pizza Crust Homemade pizza dough cut into sticks and deep-fried. Smothered in Bubi’s garlic butter, and parmesan cheese with a side of marinara, and Bubi’s sauce... $13.74 Windsor-Style Pizza Crusts Fried stick-style pizza crusts, coated with Bubi's own original garlic butter, shredded mozzarella cheese, sprinkled with grilled chopped pepperoni... $17.19 Bryan's Poutine Bryan piles a garlic butter brushed double wedge fries, coated with parmesan cheese as the foundation. Then laces those fries with mozzarella cheese, $18.34 Onion Rings Thick cut onions, lightly battered and golden fried with the garlicky goodness of Bubi's to dip. $11.44 Large Wedge Frys Large Wedge Frys comes with four ounces of Bubi sauce. $9.20 Large Dillion Frys Large Dillion Frys comes with four ounces of Bubi sauce. $11.50 Large Dillion Sweet Frys Large Dillion Sweet Frys comes with four ounces of Bubi sauce. $12.65 Salads Caezarro Noir Salad Black balsamic Caesar salad, house-made croutons, romano and parmesan cheese with chopped bacon. Classics wind up in dusty old museums. This bold new... $14.89 Greek Salad Romaine, oregano, tomatoes, black olives, red onions, cucumber, pickled beets, pepperoncini, and feta cheese with rich balsamic dressing, and a lemon... $17.19 Wedge Wedge Salad Fresh head lettuce, wedges topped with Bubi's yogurt garlic dressing, and crumbled blue cheese, chopped bacon, seasoned wedge tomatoes, and red... $14.89 Sammies and Stuff All sammies are served with double wedge fries with two ounces of Bubi's sauce or house salad. Smokey B.B.Q. Pulled Pork Marinated, fruitwood smoked, slow-cooked pork - hand shredded and pulled from the bone. Half-pound portion means a huge pile of meat with fried... $18.34 Big Rye Chicken Club Lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, bacon, chicken breast, and cheddar cheese on a thick country-style garlic rye bread. $19.49 Boss BLT Heaps of bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions with cheddar cheese, and Bubi’s sauce, on a thick garlic rye bread. $18.34 Clubbed Chicken Wrap Sliced white chicken breast, bacon slices, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and Bubi’s sauce all wrapped up in a tortilla. $17.19 Bawk Bawk Bubi’s Bubi's hand-cut breaded chicken breast strips, wrapped in a garlic Greek pita bread with lettuce, tomatoes, and Bubi’s sauce. $16.04 Shaved Philly Steak Grilled Philly-style beef steak, laid down on garlic herb focaccia with grilled onions, sauteed red and green peppers, and melted mozzarella cheese. $20.64 Zingy Crispy Hummus Wrap Tortilla wrapped crispy chicken, spicy Bubi’s, hummus, cucumbers, shredded lettuce, sprinkled red onions, and a smear of Ajvar. $17.19 Master Melt Down Piles of grilled black forest ham, tomatoes, melted Swiss cheese, stacked between two thick slices of garlic toasted rye bread. $19.49 Best of the Breast Lightly breaded plump chicken breast strips, a signature item for four generations. Hand cuted, seasoned, and breaded fresh chicken give you the... $19.49 Chicken Quesadilla Chicken breast, tomatoes, onions, Bubi's secret seasoning, and mixed cheese, topped with green onions. Toasted and melt warm. Served with sides of... $16.04 Burgers All burgers are served with double wedge fries with two ounces of Bubi's sauce or house salad. The Bubi’s Basic Burger Salt top kaiser bun, one-third pound patty with all the fixin's. Say "works" for lettuce, Bubi's sauce, tomatoes, pickles, and onions. Bubi's built... $18.34 TVP Vegetable Burger Bubi's yummy one-third pound TVP vegan and gluten-friendly patty is jammed with kidney beans, celery, carrots, onions, and power packed soy protein. $18.34 The Fun Guy Burger Garlic sauteed fresh mushrooms, fried onions, melted Swiss cheese, and Bubi's sauce. $20.64 Whacked Stacked Gonzo Burger Two one-third pound cheeseburgers stacked high with lettuce, mustard, mayo, and grilled black forest ham. $21.79 San Antonio Alamo Burger Barbeque sauce, fresh grated cheddar cheese, bacon, and fried onions. $20.64 Captain Fantazztic Burger Lettuce, tomatoes, Bubi’s sauce, fresh grated cheddar cheese, and three thick-cut onion rings piled on top. $20.64 Pizza Burger Tomato sauce, pepperoni, melted mozzarella cheese, balsamic garlic butter, and sauteed fresh mushrooms. $20.64 Cali Baja Burger Cream cheese, Bubi's guacamole and salsa, lettuce, onions, and Bubi’s sauce. $20.64 The Binder Burger Two grilled cheese sammies surrounding a one-third pound burger piled with lettuce, bacon, tomatoes, fried onions, go figure Bubi's sauce, and a side... $21.79 Totally Awesome Burger - (T/A) Two-third pound burger with all fixin's. Say "works" for lettuce, Bubi's sauce, tomatoes, pickles, and onions. The Totally Awesome will fill that... $20.64 Beverages Canned Pop $1.53 Water $1.73 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes