You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Burgers R Us 1030 Walker Rd, Windsor, ON N8Y 2N5, CanadaNew View Hours Place Settings Burger Menu Egg Roll Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 674-0481 before placing your order. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Number of Chopsticks How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Burger Menu Burger Burger with fries and drink. $8.85 Cheeseburger Cheeseburger with fries and drink. $9.85 Bacon Chesseburger Bacon cheeseburger with fries and drink. $11.35 Egg Roll All egg rolls are handmade with fresh ingredients. Served with your choice of plum sauce or sweet chili sauce. Lobster Egg Roll Lobster, cabbage, carrot, bean sprout, sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger, and garlic. $2.50 Shrimp Egg Roll Shrimp, cabbage, carrot, bean sprout, sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger, and garlic. $2.50 Chicken Egg Roll Chicken, cabbage, carrot, bean sprout, sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger, and garlic. $2.50 Philly Cheese Steak Egg Roll Cheesesteak, green pepper, onion, and swiss cheese. $2.50 Pizza Egg Roll Pepperoni, pizza sauce, and mozzarella. $2.50 Taco Egg Roll Ground beef, taco seasoning, cheddar cheese, and sauce. $2.50 Bacon Turkey Club Egg Roll Bacon, Turkey, swiss, and dressing. $2.50 Reuben Egg Roll Corn beef, swiss, sauerkraut, and dressing. $2.50 Big Mac Egg Roll Ground beef, cheddar cheese, pickle, onion, and dressing. $2.50 Vegetarian Egg Roll Cabbage, carrot, bean sprout, sesame oil, soy, black beans, garlic, and ginger. $2.50 Cherry Cheese Cake Cherries, cream cheese, graham crumbs, sugar, and vanilla. $2.50 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes