You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up California BBQ Chicken & Kabab 2397 Tecumseh Rd W, Windsor, ON N9B 1W2, Canada 9.2 View Hours Place Settings Whole Chicken Family Meals For Two to Four Deals For Four to Eight Deals Sauces and Dressings Extras Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 962-3017 before placing your order. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Whole Chicken Family Meals BBQ Whole Chicken (1 Whole Piece) Bbq grilled whole chicken, grilled onion-tomato, medium garlic sauce, pickles, and pita bread. $40.00 BBQ Whole Chicken Family Meal BBQ grilled one whole chicken, large rice or fries, large salad, medium garlic sauce, medium pickles, and pita bread. $50.00 Grand Family Meal - BBQ Mix and Whole Chicken BBQ grilled one whole chicken, two kabab skewers, two shish-tawook skewers, large rice or fries, large salad, medium garlic sauce, medium pickles, $75.00 Prime Family Meal - BBQ Mix & Two Whole Chickens BBQ grilled two whole chickens, three kabab skewers, three chicken shish-tawook skewers, large rice or fries, large salad, medium garlic sauce, $95.00 For Two to Four Deals For two to four people meal deals. The BBQ Grills Mix (8 Skewers) Tasty delicious barbeque grilled four kabab beef skewers and four shish tawook chicken skewers and grilled tomato, and onion, and hummus plate, and... $60.00 The BBQ Grills Mix Plus Tasty delicious barbeque grilled four kabab beef skewers, and four shish tawook chicken skewers, large rice or fries, large salad, grilled tomato, $72.00 BBQ Quarter and Shish-Tawook Grill Deal Four pieces of bbq quarter chicken, four bbq shish-tawook skewers, grilled veggies, two large rice, two large salads, two medium garlic sauce, $78.00 BBQ Mix Grills and Shawarma Deal Four pieces of bbq shish-tawook skewers, four pieces of bbq kebab kofta, large portion of shawarma meat, grilled veggies, one large rice, one large... $78.00 Shawarma Poutine Feast Lovers Deal Four feast chicken shawarma poutine, two large salads, side pickles and hot peppers, four garlic sauces (two ounces), and four Pepsi cans. $88.00 The Veggie Dream Deluxe Deal Twenty pieces of fresh falafels, two large hummus, two large fries, two large salads, side pickles and hot peppers, tahini sauce and pita bread. $68.00 For Four to Eight Deals For four to eight people meal deals. Feast BBQ Quarter Chicken and BBQ Mix Grills Deal Eight bbq quarter chicken, four bbq shish-tawook skewers, four bbq kebab skewers, grilled veggies, four large salads, four medium garlic sauces, two... $139.00 Feast BBQ Mix Grills & Shawarma Deal Eight bbq shish-tawook skewers, eight bbq kebab kofta skewers, grilled veggies, four large rice, four large salads, two large portions of chicken... $139.00 Sauces and Dressings Spice up your meal Traditional Garlic Sauce $2.50 Tahini Sauce $2.50 Extras Add extras to your meal. Extra Pickles Pickles, turnips , and hot peppers. $2.00 Extra Pita Bread One pita bread. $2.00 Extra Grilled Veggies One grilled tomato, onion, and sweet peppers. $2.00 Extras Toasted Almonds & Raisins Side of toasted almonds & raisins. $2.00 Extra Toasted Breads Side of (fattoush) toasted breads. $2.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes