You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Eastwood's Grill N Lounge 63 Riverside Dr E, Windsor, ON N9A 2S4, Canada 9.1 View Hours Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Appetizers Salads Grilled Pizzas Wings Sandwiches and Tacos Burgers Beef Pastabilities and Stir Fry Chicken Seafood Dessert Beverages Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 915-5014 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? $0.50 Appetizers Begin your meal with these amazing starters. Eastwood Nachos Nacho chips topped with taco beef, nacho cheese sauce, shredded cheddar Jack cheese, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, served with salsa, sour cream... $17.00 Spinach Dip Traditional spinach and artichoke dip with nacho chips and grilled garlic flatbread. $16.00 Poutine The true Canadian staple. Fresh-cut fries topped with cheddar cheese curds and beef gravy. $10.00 Fried Calamari Calamari fried until golden brown and served with red pepper aioli. $15.00 Bake That Brie Pesto-topped Brie cheese baked to melted perfection and served with grilled garlic flatbread, nacho chips, a mixture of roasted red peppers, $18.00 El Diablo Calamari Fried calamari strips tossed with sauteed sweet bell peppers, red onions, spices, and sweet Thai chilli sauce. $17.00 Eastwood's Fire Sauteed sausage, chicken, onions, peppers, sour cream, diced jalapenos with mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese, and Jack cheese with Canada's premium... $17.00 Loaded Bag of Doritos Bag of Doritos layered with melted nacho cheese sauce, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, green onions, jalapenos, and sour cream. $11.00 Onion Rings Onion rings served with honey barbeque sauce. $11.00 GB and C A vampire's worst enemy! Garlic butter on freshly baked rolls with melted Jack cheddar cheese. $11.50 Sweet Potato Fries Served with red pepper aioli. $11.00 Salads Try a healthy and hand-crafted salad. Beet and Goat Cheese Salad Beets, goat cheese with spring mix, red onions, cranberries, candied pecans, and balsamic vinaigrette. $16.00 Take the House Salad A house salad with fresh romaine, spring mix, julienne red onions, cucumbers, grape tomatoes, and shredded carrots, served with your choice of... $15.00 The Mighty Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce tossed in Caesar dressing and topped with croutons, bacon pieces, and shredded Asiago. $16.00 Oriental Salad Romaine lettuce, spring mix, and fresh-cut cabbage, tossed with a sesame vinaigrette and topped with fried rice noodles, green onions, and sesame... $16.00 Grilled Pizzas Grilled pizza dough with unique toppings, cheese, and pizza sauce. DORITO! Pizza Don't knock 'til you try it. Melted nacho cheese sauce, taco beef, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, crushed Doritos, and sour cream. $17.00 Chicken-Style Pizza A pizza brushed with Canada's premium hot sauce, grilled chicken, bacon, red onions, mushrooms, and melted mozzarella cheese. $19.00 Windsor-Style Pizza Shredded pepperoni, mushrooms, and loads of melted mozzarella cheese. $17.00 Proud to be Canadian! Pizza Peameal bacon, pepperoni, mushrooms, and melted mozzarella cheese. $18.00 Pesto Alfredo Pizza Grilled pizza dough brushed with pesto and Alfredo, topped with melted goat cheese, portobello mushrooms, tomatoes, red onions, and roasted red... $17.00 Wings Make every night wing night! The Dirty Dozen of Wings A dozen chicken wings deep fried and coated in your favourite flavour, served with dip. $18.00 Boneless Wings Boneless chicken wings deep fried and coated in your favourite flavour, served with dip. $17.00 Sandwiches and Tacos Sandwiches and tacos are served with your choice of fries, house salad, or Caesar salad. Sandwiches are served with your choice of bread. The Great Buffalo Soldier Sandwich Buffalo sauce, chicken tenders, tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and cheddar Jack cheese, served with a side ranch or blue cheese dressing. $16.00 Cluck Cluck Clubbing It! Sandwich Grilled chicken, bacon with garlic aioli, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and shredded lettuce. $16.00 Asian-Style Sandwich Diced chicken tenders with shredded lettuce, shredded cabbage, carrots, cheddar Jack cheese, fried rice noodles, and sweet Thai chilli sauce. $16.00 Chicken Caesar-Style Sandwich Grilled chicken, romaine lettuce, creamy Caesar dressing, shredded Asiago cheese, and bacon pieces. $16.00 Portobello Mushroom Melt Sandwich Grilled sliced Portobello mushroom cap, grilled sliced zucchini, grilled red onions with melted Swiss cheese, and hummus on a warm flatbread $15.00 La French Dip Sandwich Shaved prime rib marinated in French onion au jus with melted Swiss cheese, garlic aioli, and sautéed mushrooms on ciabatta with side of au jus. $18.00 Dirty Bird Sandwich Crispy chicken, honey mustard, fried Brie cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and roasted red pepper aioli. $18.00 Taco Taco stuffed with your choice of meat with slaw, pico de gallo, and cheddar Jack cheese. $17.00 Burgers All burgers are served with your choice of fries, house salad, or Caesar salad. The Eastwood Burger A burger topped with sauteed Cajun onions, barbeque sauce, sliced cheddar cheese, peameal bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. $19.00 B&C Burger Short for bacon and cheese. This burger is topped with sliced melted American cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles. $17.00 Cheeseburger Burger for cheese lovers. $16.00 Plain Burger Simple and original in taste. $15.00 Smash Burger Fried Brie cheese, melted nacho cheese, crispy onion rings, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles. $19.00 Beef All beef entrees are served with sauteed day vegetables and your choice of starch: fries, baked potato, rice noodle pilaf, garlic mashed potatoes, or penne marinara. BBQ Beef Ribs (4 pcs) The king of ribs. Four basted smoky barbequed beef ribs and slaw. $31.00 Ribeye (10 oz) Ribeye grilled to your desired doneness. $32.00 BBQ Beef Ribs (2 pcs) and Wings (5 pcs) A great combination. Two barbequed basted beef ribs and five chicken wings, tossed in your choice of flavour, and served with slaw and ranch for... $31.00 Eastwood's Surf and Turf Two BBQ basted beef ribs. Served with lightly fried perch. $31.00 Pastabilities and Stir Fry A great selection of pasta and stir fry dishes. Stir Fry Sauteed broccoli, bell peppers, mushrooms, snow peas, fresh garlic, rice noodles, and your choice of stir fry sauce or sweet Thai chilli sauce. $17.00 Pesto Penne Penne noodles tossed with garlic pesto sauce, olive oil, sauteed mushrooms, and grape tomatoes, topped with shredded Asiago cheese. $18.00 Sausage Pepper Linguine Spicy. Italian sausage with bell peppers, red onions, spices, arrabbiata sauce, and shredded Asiago cheese. $20.00 Creamy Garlic Primavera Sauteed fresh broccoli, bell peppers, mushrooms, snow peas, and garlic, tossed in linguine noodles and topped with shredded Asiago cheese. $19.00 Chicken Meaty goodness juicy chicken dishes. Crispy Chicken Strips Crispy chicken strips served with plum sauce, fresh-cut fries, and slaw. $17.00 BBQ Chicken, Cheese, and Bacon Barbeque sauce-slathered grilled chicken breast with melted mozzarella cheese and bacon pieces, served with your choice of starch and sauteed fresh... $20.00 Mexi Chicken Melt Cajun chicken with sauteed onions, sweet bell peppers, salsa, and cheddar Jack cheese, served with flour tortillas, sour cream, lettuce, and pico de... $22.00 Parmesan Chicken Breaded chicken breast with marinara sauce, melted mozzarella cheese, and Asiago cheese, served with your choice of starch and sauteed fresh... $21.00 Seafood Surf your tasting with these fresh dishes. Cajun Butter Salmon Grilled Atlantic salmon brushed with Cajun butter served with garlic mashed potato and sauteed fresh vegetables. $27.00 Honest Lager Fish and Chips Tender haddock dipped in a Walkerville Honest Lager batter and fried until golden brown, served with fresh-cut fries and slaw. $18.00 Perch (1 lb) Lightly fried Perch served with fries, coleslaw, and tartar sauce. $19.00 Dessert Something for everyone's sweet tooth. Strawberry Cheesecake Creamy cheesecake topped with sweet strawberry sauce. $7.00 Donut Holes Fried donuts holes tossed in cinnamon sugar side of chocolate and caramel. $7.00 Chocolate Chunk Cookies (4 Pack) $5.00 Beverages Quench your thirst with an invigorating beverage. Can of Pop $2.00 Bottled Root Beer Lightly carbonated root beer perfect for chugging on a hot summer day. $3.50 Bottled Dad's Cream Soda A blend of soda and the flavour of vanilla ice cream. $3.50 Juice Choose from these refreshing juice flavours. $3.00 Milk Add milk to your meal. $3.00 Red Rain Energy $4.00 Bottle Water $1.50 Budweiser Zero (non-alcohol) (355ml) $4.00 Perrier (330ml) $3.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes