You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Fire Oven Pizza 4310 Howard Ave, Windsor, ON N9G 1P4, Canada 8.9 View Hours Community Support Age Verification IMPORTANT: Contactless Recommendations Age Verification 19+ Place Settings Pan Pizzas Forno Chicken Wings Salads Cortina Assorted Desserts Fire Oven Dipping Sauces Drinks Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 336-7112 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item IMPORTANT: Contactless Recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-to-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Pan Pizzas if a Detroit pizza married a Roman pizza the result would be the Cortina pan pizza, both have a thicker crust and rectangular shape. Our pizza takes a bit longer to cook in our Italian stone oven to achieve the perfect balance of a crisp exterior, and chewy interior. Margherita Pan (V) tomato sauce, bocconcini, mozzarella, fresh basil, olive oil, parmesan. $23.00 Carnivore Pan tomato sauce, pepperoni, smoked bacon, sausage, mozzarella $26.50 FOP Pepperoni Pan pepperoni, tomato sauce, fresh basil, parmesan, mozzarella $26.00 We the North Pan tomato sauce, pepperoni, smoked bacon, fresh mushrooms, mozzarella $26.00 Sweet and Sassy Pan tomato sauce, salami, fire oil, jalapeno peppers, honey, fresh basil, mozzarella $26.00 3 Cheese Parma Pan tomato sauce, imported Italian prosciutto, arugula, bocconcini, mozzarella, parmesan, olive oil. $26.50 The Alfredo Pan Alfredo sauce, marinated grilled chicken, smoked bacon, mozzarella. $26.50 Florentine Pan (V) tomato sauce, spinach, fresh garlic, ricotta cheese, olive oil, Italian seasoning, mozzarella $26.00 Garden Vegetable Pan (V) tomato sauce, mozzarella, fresh garlic, roasted red pepper mix, mushrooms, onions, oregano $26.00 Big Mac Pan cheddar cheese sauce, mozzarella/cheddar blend, ground beef, lettuce, onion, pickles, and mac sauce. $26.50 Forno Chicken Wings Our 24 hour process ensures the juiciness of a fried wing with the flavour and crispness that comes from fire. Single (1LB) Single portion of our wings. Please note that one flavour per pound is included. $16.99 Double (2LBS) Double portion of our wings. Please note that one flavour per pound is included. $32.50 Salads Fire Oven Salad (Large Salad) Mixed greens, cherry tomatoes, and bocconcini cheese with delicious Cortina vinaigrette. $11.99 Caesar Salad (Large Salad) Fresh romaine lettuce, smoked bacon, seasoned croutons, fresh squeezed lemon wedge, and Parmesan cheese with caesar dressing, $11.99 Greek Salad (Large Salad) Mixed greens, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, red onions, and tomatoes. $11.99 Cortina Assorted Desserts Chocolate Brownie $3.75 Carrot Cake $3.75 Sicilian Cannoli $2.50 New York Cheese Cake $3.75 Fire Oven Dipping Sauces Home-made dipping sauces Fire Oven Hot Oil $1.99 Garlic Aioli $1.99 Marinara Sauce $1.99 Honey Bourbon BBQ Sauce $1.99 Blue Cheese $1.99 LaBomba Buffalo Hot Sauce $1.99 Drinks Water $1.65 Canned Pop $2.50 San Pellegrino $3.80 Lemon Iced Tea $2.50 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes