You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Five Guys Burgers & Fries 650 Division Rd, Windsor, ON N8X 5E7, Canada 9.5 View Hours Burgers Dogs Sandwiches Fries and Poutine Milkshakes Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), read what the restaurant has to say about allergies by visiting http://www.fiveguys.com/-/media/Public-Site/Files/Nutrition-Allergen-March-2018-US.ashx?la=en before placing your order. Burgers Made with 100% fresh beef. No fillers or preservatives. All burgers are available bunless. Go "All the Way" with your toppings to get mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, and mustard.  Hamburger Two fresh, hand-formed patties hot off the grill and placed on a soft, toasted sesame seed bun. Choose as many toppings as you want.  $11.39 Little Hamburger One fresh, hand-formed patty hot off the grill. Add as many toppings as you want.  $9.19 Cheeseburger Two slices of Kraft cheese melted between a pair of fresh patties and placed on a soft, toasted sesame seed bun. Choose as many toppings as you want. $12.59 Little Cheeseburger One fresh, hand-formed patty hot off the grill with a slice of Kraft cheese. Add as many toppings as you want. $10.39 Bacon Burger Two fresh, hand-formed patties hot off the grill, layered with two strips of crispy apple-wood smoked bacon and placed on a soft, toasted sesame seed... $12.59 Little Bacon Burger One fresh, hand-formed patty hot off the grill with two strips of crispy apple-wood smoked bacon on top. Add as many toppings as you want. $10.39 Bacon Cheeseburger A pair of fresh patties hot off the grill with two slices of Kraft cheese and two strips of crispy apple-wood smoked bacon. Placed on a soft, toasted... $13.79 Little Bacon Cheeseburger One fresh, hand-formed patty hot off the grill with a slice of Kraft cheese and two strips of crispy apple-wood smoked bacon on top. Add as many... $11.59 Dogs All dogs are available bunless. Go "All the Way" with your toppings to get mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, and mustard. Hot Dog All-beef hot dog, split and grilled lengthwise for a caramelized exterior with any of your favorite toppings. $7.19 Cheese Dog All-beef hot dog, split and grilled lengthwise for a caramelized exterior with a layer of Kraft cheese on top and any of your favorite toppings. $8.39 Bacon Dog All-beef hot dog, split and grilled lengthwise for a caramelized exterior with a layer of apple-wood smoked bacon and any of your favorite toppings $8.39 Bacon Cheese Dog All-beef hot dog, split and grilled lengthwise for a caramelized exterior, Kraft cheese on top, a layer of apple-wood smoked bacon and any of your... $9.29 Sandwiches Feast on one of these satisfying sandwiches. Go "All the Way" with your toppings to get mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, and mustard. Veggie Sandwich Freshly grilled onions, mushrooms and green peppers layered with lettuce and tomatoes on a soft, toasted sesame seed bun. Or start with the bun and... $5.59 Cheese Veggie Sandwich Freshly grilled onions, mushrooms and green peppers layered with lettuce, tomatoes and two slices of Kraft cheese on a soft, toasted sesame seed bun. $6.79 Grilled Cheese Sandwich Two slices of Kraft cheese melted on an inside-out sesame seed bun with toppings of your choice and grilled until golden brown. $6.79 BLT Sandwich Six strips of crispy apple-wood smoked bacon, two fresh tomato slices, mayo and hand-shredded lettuce on a toasted sesame seed bun. $8.19 Fries and Poutine Cooked in pure, no cholesterol, tasty peanut oil. Fries - Five Guys Style Freshly made boardwalk-style fries, cooked in pure, cholesterol-free, 100% peanut oil. Cut fresh and cooked twice – firm on the outside and mashed... $5.39 Fries - Cajun Style Freshly made boardwalk-style fries, cooked in pure, cholesterol-free, 100% peanut oil, and then showered with a heavy dose of Cajun spice. Cut fresh... $5.39 Side of Gravy $1.99 Poutine Canada’s traditional gravy and cheese curds added to our freshly made boardwalk-style fries. $8.99 Milkshakes Enjoy a sweet milkshake with your meal. Shakes are best enjoyed with a maximum of 3 toppings. No toppings are available on the side. Five Guys Shake Handspun vanilla milkshakes with or without whipped cream. Choose as many of our free mix-ins. $6.99 Drinks Quench your thirst with a drink. Bottled Coke (500 ml) A bottle of coke. $3.69 Bottled Diet Coke (500 ml) A bottle of diet coke. $3.69 Bottled Coke Zero (500 ml) A bottle of coke zero. $3.69 Bottled Sprite (500 ml) A bottle of sprite. $3.69 Bottled Root Beer (500 ml) A bottle of root beer. $3.69 Bottled Iced Tea (500 ml) A bottle of iced tea. $3.69 Bottled Water (500 ml) A bottle of refreshing water. $3.59 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes