You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Frank Brewing Company 12000 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8N 1L9, Canada 8.4 View Hours Community Support Age Verification IMPORTANT: Contactless Recommendations Age Verification 19+ Place Settings Starters Salads Sandwiches and More Pizzas Desserts Beer Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 956-9822 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item IMPORTANT: Contactless Recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-to-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Starters Soft Pretzels (2 pcs) Two soft pretzels served with a trio of mustards. $9.75 Pizza Box Nachos Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, onion, tomato, shredded lettuce, sour cream and jalapenos. Salsa on the side. $18.00 Chips and Salsa Chips and house-made salsa with tomatoes, onions, garlic, and cilantro. Do you love Frank's salsa as much as we do? You can now buy it in 250 ml and... $7.50 Spinach Dip House-made and served with tortilla chips and pita points. $14.25 Salads House Salad Mixed greens, chopped romaine, sliced onions, and cucumbers in a balsamic dressing. $8.25 Beet Salad Mixed greens, onions, goat cheese, candied pecans, dried cranberries, and beets. $15.75 Caesar Salad $11.00 Sandwiches and More All sandwiches are made using locally baked bread from Steimar Bakery and fresh produce. Sandwiches are served with a crisp dill pickle and your choice of house salad or chips and salsa, or a bag of Miss Vickies Chips. Who's Frank Anyway Sandwich Stacked high with ham, turkey, bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce, and basil pesto mayonnaise on white rye. $16.00 Turkey Sandwich Turkey, lettuce, onions, mozzarella cheese, grainy mustard, bacon, and mayonnaise on marbled rye bread. $16.00 Chicken Salad Sandwich Pulled chicken tossed with cranberries, onions, and real mayonnaise on white rye. Comes with lettuce and mozzarella. $17.00 Corned Beef Sandwich Thinly sliced warm corned beef with mustard on white rye. $15.00 Veggie Bomb Wrap Crisp lettuce, onions, cucumbers, avocado, roasted red peppers, Swiss cheese, basil, mayonnaise, and hummus. $14.75 Reuben Sandwich Thinly sliced warm corned beef with sauerkraut, Thousand Island dressing, and Swiss cheese on fresh marbled rye bread. $16.00 Chicken Caesar Wrap Romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, bacon bits, and creamy Ceasar dressing wrapped with pulled chicken in a tortilla. $16.00 Chicken Tacos Apple slaw, jalapenos, and honey habanero aioli. $17.00 Pizzas Frank's pizzas start with fresh house-made dough. Rolled super-thin their pizzas are perfect for one hungry person or for two people to share with a starter or salad. Goes on Everything Sauce (375 ml) If you haven't tried Frank's sauce on your pizza, you don't know what you're missing. $7.25 Margherita Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, and fresh basil. $15.75 The Brewer Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, roasted garlic oil, and banana peppers. $19.50 Sicilian Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, spicy Genoa salami, pepperoni, bacon, roasted garlic oil, basil, and Parmesan cheese. $21.75 The Jonas Pizza Garlic oil base (no tomato sauce), Mozzarella cheese, spicy Genoa salami, pepperoni, bacon, mushrooms, fresh basil, and Parmesan cheese. Topped with... $23.00 Veggie Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, onions, roasted garlic oil, banana peppers, mushrooms, and basil. $19.50 Wild Mushroom Pizza No sauce but still delicious! Roasted garlic oil, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, Parmesan cheese, and truffle oil. $19.50 Hawaiian Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, ham, pineapple, and bacon. $21.75 BBQ Chicken Pizza Frank's house-made Kansas City BBQ sauce as a base is topped with shredded cheese, pulled chicken, diced red onions, and fresh cilantro. Not your... $21.75 Pear and Prosciutto Pizza Sliced pear, prosciutto, Goat cheese, and black pepper. Topped with balsamic dressed arugula. $21.75 Build Your Own Pizza Start with sauce and cheese then add toppings as you like. $15.75 Desserts Mason Jar Cheesecake (Single) Frank's delicious homemade cheesecake served in a mason jar. Choose from cherry, blueberry, salted caramel, and oreo blast. $9.00 Mason Jar Cheesecake (Family - 4 Pack) Frank's delicious homemade cheesecake served in a mason jar. Choose from cherry, blueberry, salted caramel, and oreo blast. $32.50 Beer Sunshine - Juicy IPA (1 x 473 ml) (6.5% ABV) $3.75 Bombshell - Blonde Ale (1 x 473 ml) (4.4% ABV) $3.25 Old Comrade - Amber Ale (1 x 473 ml) (4.7% ABV) $3.25 Sombrero - Cerveza (1 x 473 ml) (4.3% ABV) $3.25 Hoperator - American Pale Ale (1 x 473 ml) (5.1% ABV) $3.55 Cream Soda - Sour (1 x 473 ml) (4.2% ABV) $3.55 Simple Man - Stout (1 x 473 ml) (6.6% ABV) $3.55 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes