You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Gilligan's 1270 Walker Rd, Windsor, ON N8Y 4T4, Canada 8.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Fish Entrees Soups and Salads Gilligan's Club Sandwiches Half-Pound Burgers Buffalo Wings Baby Back Ribs From the Hen House Hometown Favourites Mounds of fresh cut Fries Extras Desserts Beverages Feature Sides Sauces on side Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 971-0204 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Mozzarella Sticks (8 pcs) Eight mozzarella sticks served with marinara sauce or ranch. $11.49 Road House Nachos Piled high crispy corn tortillas prepared fresh daily topped with Gilligan's home-style chili, jalapenos, diced tomatoes, a blend of shredded cheese, $17.25 Red Hot Chili Poppers (6 pcs) Six lightly breaded chili peppers stuffed with creamy cheese and served with sour cream. $12.64 Garlic Bread with Cheese and Bacon $11.49 Tator (4 pcs) Four tater skins served with a side of sour cream. $12.64 Munchers (10 pcs) Twelve cheddar cheese stuffed spudz. A tasty combination of real cheddar and mozzarella cheese, diced Idaho potatoes, chopped jalapeno peppers, and... $10.98 Baked Spinach Dip Chopped spinach and artichoke hearts in a creamy blend of cheddar and mozzarella, baked and served with crispy Greek pita. $16.10 Jumbo Onion Rings Onion rings served with honey mustard mayonnaise. $10.34 Mushroom Caps (15 pcs) Fifteen caps served with ranch dipping sauce. $11.49 Pickled Spears (6 pcs) Six wedges served with ranch dipping sauce. $11.49 Jalapeno Shrimp Jammers (20 pcs) Twenty jammers served with sweet chili sauce. $12.64 Fish Entrees All fish entree's are hand battered and cooked to order. Served with seasoned fresh cut fries, and coleslaw. Lake Perch Dinner $21.84 HALIBUT DINNER 6OZ BEER BATTERED HALIBUT SERVED WITH COLESLAW AND WEDGE FRIES Sold Out Soups and Salads Garden Salad $10.04 Caesar Salad $10.04 Greek Salad $11.20 Goat Cheese Cranberry Walnut Salad Heart of romaine, onions, cucumbers, and tomatoes, topped with sweet dried cranberries, glazed walnuts, and crumbled goat cheese, served with your... $21.54 Taco Salad Crispy tortilla bowl filled with lettuce, sweet corn, diced tomatoes, and diced black olives, topped with shredded cheddar and served with sides of... $19.25 Laguna Beach Salad Heart of romaine, tomatoes, cucumbers, roasted red peppers, sweet onions, and toasted almonds, topped with grilled seasoned chicken breast and... $20.38 Southwest Steak Salad Hearts of romaine, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, sweet corn, black olives topped with shaved southwest steak and cheddar cheese. Served with... $21.83 Gilligan's Club Sandwiches Gilligan's club served with seasonal fresh cut fries. Traditional Turkey Club Sandwich Piled high oven-roasted turkey breast on three decks of thick-cut Texas toast with mayonnaise, crispy bacon, lettuce, and tomatoes. $17.25 Cruncher Club Sandwich Lightly-breaded chicken breast on three decks of thick-cut Texas toast with mayonnaise, cheddar cheese, crispy bacon, lettuce, and tomatoes. $18.39 Club Condo Sandwich Piled high oven-roasted turkey breast on three decks of thick-cut Texas toast with shaved ham, Swiss cheese, crispy bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and... $18.39 Peameal Turkey Club Sandwich Piled high oven-roasted turkey breast on three decks of thick-cut Texas toast with mayonnaise, peameal, lettuce, and tomatoes. $18.39 Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich Grilled chicken on three decks of thick-cut Texas toast, crispy bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayonnaise. $17.25 Grilled Chicken Club Fresh grilled chicken breast on three decks of thick Texas toast with mayo, crispy bacon, lettuce and tomato $17.25 Half-Pound Burgers All Gilligan's burgers are 100% lean half-pound ground beef, handmade burgers to order and never frozen. All burgers are served with seasoned fresh cut fries. Half-Pound Original Burger Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, mayonnaise, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $17.25 Half-Pound Bacon Burger Two strips of crispy bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, mayonnaise, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $19.54 Half-Pound Peameal Bacon Burger Two strips of peameal bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, mayonnaise, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $20.69 Half-Pound Goat Cheese Burger Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, mayonnaise, goat cheese, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $19.54 Half-Pound Coney Burger Two four ounces of beef patties served on open face bun topped with chilli, cheddar, onions, and mustard. $20.69 Half-Pound Hot-and-Spicy Burger Gilligan's original burger hand-packed with jalapenos and onions, topped with lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $18.39 Half-Pound Jack Daniel's Burger Jack sauce, mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cheddar cheese. $18.39 Half-Pound Cheddar Bacon Mushroom Melt Burger Two strips of crispy bacon, grilled onions, seasoned grilled mushrooms, and melted cheddar cheese. $19.54 Half-Pound Backyard All-Cheese Burger Cheeses piled high with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, mayo, and Gilligan's fire grill sauce. $18.39 Half-Pound Italian Pizza Burger Baked with marinara sauce, seasoned grilled mushrooms, mozzarella, Gilligan's Parmesan, and oregano blend on a garlic butter toasted French baguette. $18.39 Half-Pound Monster Mac Burger Mac sauce, lettuce, cheddar, pickles, and onions, stacked on an original bun. $18.34 Half-Pound Danish Blue Burger Crumbled Danish blue cheese, sweet bell peppers, and caramelized onions on a garlic butter toasted French baguette. $18.39 Half-Pound Texas Burger Two strips of crispy bacon, tomatoes, cheddar, grilled onions, and Gilligan's Texas hickory smoke barbeque sauce on an original bun. $19.54 Half-Pound Greek Burger Greek burger topped with crumbled Greek feta, shredded mozzarella, olives, and sliced tomatoes, topped with tzatziki sauce on a garlic butter toasted... $18.39 Half-Pound Mushroom Swiss Burger Seasoned grilled mushrooms and swiss cheese $18.39 Half-Pound Great Canadian Burger Lettuce, tomatoes, mustard, mayo, cheddar cheese, Gilligan's fire grill sauce, and jumbo onion ringlets on a garlic butter French baguette. $18.39 Half-Pound Philly Burger Caramelized onions, sweet bell peppers, melted Swiss cheese, and mayo on a garlic butter toasted French baguette. $18.39 Classic Burger A Classic burger topped with mustard, ketchup, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, melted American cheese on a toasted bun. $18.39 Buffalo Wings Buffalo Wings Premium wings with a flavor and tenderness that can't be beaten. Gilligan's wings are served with julienne-cut crisp carrots and ranch dressing. $17.25 Baby Back Ribs A full slab of premium baby back ribs baked to perfection and served with Gilligan's famous seasoned golden fresh cut fries, and coleslaw. Baby Back Ribs A full slab of premium baby back ribs baked to perfection and served with Gilligan's famous seasoned fresh cut fries and coleslaw. $25.29 From the Hen House All dishes are served with seasoned golden fresh cut fries. Mexi Chicken Wrap Seasoned chicken breast with sour cream, diced tomatoes, jalapenos, shredded lettuce, sweet corn, black olives, cheddar cheese served in a seasoned... $17.25 Dill Chicken Lightly-seasoned, fire-grilled chicken breast served on a ciabatta bun baked with Gilligan's homemade creamy cucumber dill sauce, cheddar cheese, $17.25 Chicken Caesar Wrap Heart of romaine tossed with shaved Parmesan, chopped bacon, and Gilligan's creamy Parmesan dressing, wrapped in a warm thick Greek pita with their... $16.10 King Chicken Lightly-seasoned, fire-grilled chicken breast wrapped in a seasoned grilled thick Greek pita and stuffed with lettuce, onions, sliced tomatoes, and... $16.10 Chicken Parmesan Sandwich Lightly-breaded chicken breast fried to golden crispiness and served on a garlic butter toasted French baguette, marinara sauce, seasoned grilled... $17.25 Greek Chicken Lightly-seasoned fire-grilled chicken breast on a garlic toasted French baguette baked with crumbled Greek feta, shredded mozzarella, olives, $17.25 Grilled Chicken Sandwich Fire-grilled chicken breast served on a toasted bun and topped with lettuce, mayo, and tomatoes. $16.10 Frank's Buffalo Chicken Lightly-breaded chicken breast fried to golden crispiness, tossed in Frank's signature hot sauce and topped with lettuce, sliced tomatoes, mayo, and... $17.25 Hometown Favourites Roast Beef Philly Thinly sliced roast beef piled high on a garlic butter toasted French baguette topped with melted Swiss cheese, grilled sweet bell peppers, grilled... $17.25 Chicken or Beef Quesadilla A blend of mozzarella and cheddar cheese, diced tomatoes, sweet bell peppers, and onions, served with a side of sour cream and salsa. $17.25 Chicken or Beef Chili Cheese Burrito Stuffed in a 12 inches tortilla with a blend of cheddar and mozzarella cheese, oven-baked and topped with Gilligan's homestyle chili, onions, diced... $16.49 Chicken Strip Dinner Crispy chicken strips served with seasoned golden fresh cut fries with plum sauce. $17.25 Southwest Steak Supreme Seasoned steak strips, garlic mayo, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and feta cheese in a seasoned thick Greek pita, served with seasoned fresh cut... $17.25 Steak Sandwich (5 oz) Five ounces of top sirloin topped with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, Jack Daniels sauce, and swiss cheese. Served on Ciabatta bun with seasoned... $19.54 Lamb Gyro Lamb gyro served on a seasoned thick Greek pita with tzatziki sauce, onions, cucumbers, and tomatoes, served with seasoned fresh cut fries. $16.10 The Reuben Corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Thousand Island dressing, served on marble rye with seasoned fresh cut fries. $16.10 Mounds of fresh cut Fries fresh cut Fries $6.89 Sweet Potato Fries $9.20 Poutine Fresh cut fries topped with mounds of mozzarella cheese and dripping in Gilligan's home-style beef gravy. $11.49 Perogy Fries Golden fresh cut fries topped with loads of caramelized sweet onions, shredded cheddar, diced bacon, and sour cream. $10.99 Chili Fries Golden fresh cut fries topped with Gilligan's home-style chili, shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream, and sliced black olives. $11.49 Mexi Fries Golden fresh cut fries topped with Gilligan's home-style chili, diced tomatoes, shredded cheddar, sliced black olives, jalapenos, and sour cream. $12.64 Extras Gravy $1.71 Desserts Peanut Butter Cheesecake $8.04 Strawberry Cheesecake $8.04 Beverages Bottled Water $1.10 Canned Pop $1.71 Bottled Pop $3.45 Feature Hot Turkey Sandwich Pilled high dark turkey meat, smoother with gravy on white Texas toast. Served with our famous fresh cut fries. $12.65 Sides Extra pitas Seasoned deep fried pitas $2.50 Sauces on side sour cream $1.23 salsa $1.23 chipotle $1.23 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes