You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Hamoudi's Shawarma Lakeshore 19 Amy Croft Dr, Windsor, ON N8N 2L9, Canada 9.2 View Hours Place Settings Soup and Salads Mezza Sandwiches Sandwich Combos Saj (Lavash) Sandwiches Saj (Lavash) Sandwiches Combos Burgers Burger Combos Hamoudi's Specials Hamoudi's Bowls Hamoudi's Shawarma Shakes Hamoudi's Shawarma Shake Combos Plates Kid's Menu Family Platters Party Platters Catering Menu Sides Desserts Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 979-9669 before placing your order. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Soup and Salads Lentil Soup Vegan and gluten-friendly. A traditional savory soup made with lentils, carrots, and onions. $6.35 Small Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. The most popular salad of the Middle East. A mixture of crisp Romain heart lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, $7.40 Medium Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. The most popular salad of the Middle East. A mixture of crisp Romaine heart lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots, $10.05 Large Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. The most popular salad of the Middle East. A mixture of crisp Romaine heart lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots, $14.25 Small Falafel Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. Hamoudi's popular fattoush salad topped with falafel and tahini sauce. $9.65 Medium Falafel Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. Hamoudi's popular fattoush salad topped with falafel and tahini sauce. $12.90 Large Falafel Fattoush Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. Hamoudi's popular fattoush salad topped with falafel and tahini sauce. $18.10 Small Shawarma Fattoush Salad Hamoudi's popular Fattoush topped with your choice of Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $10.50 Medium Shawarma Fattoush Salad Hamoudi's popular Fattoush topped with your choice of Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $14.60 Large Shawarma Fattoush Salad Hamoudi's popular Fattoush topped with your choice of Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $20.70 Greek Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. A staple of the Mediterranean. Romaine heart lettuce tossed with cucumber, tomato, onions, feta cheese, and black olives. $8.30 Shawarma Greek Salad Hamoudi's delicious greek salad topped with your choice of all white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $11.65 Small Tabouli Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. A rich and unique salad of the middle east consisting of fresh finely- chopped parsley, green onions, tomatoes, and... $8.30 Medium Tabouli Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. A rich and unique salad of the middle east consisting of fresh finely- chopped parsley, green onions, tomatoes, and... $10.90 Large Tabouli Salad Vegan and gluten-friendly. A rich and unique salad of the middle east consisting of fresh finely- chopped parsley, green onions, tomatoes, and... $15.15 Small Shawarma Tabouli Salad Hamoudi's rich tabouli salad topped with your choice of all white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $11.35 Medium Shawarma Tabouli Salad Hamoudi's rich tabouli salad topped with your choice of all white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $15.35 Large Shawarma Tabouli Salad Hamoudi's rich tabouli salad topped with your choice of all white breast chicken shawarma, AAA beef shawarma, or a mixture of both. $21.60 Mezza Small Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. A staple of Middle Eastern cuisine. A smooth blend of chickpeas, tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $6.75 Medium Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. A staple of Middle Eastern cuisine. A smooth blend of chickpeas, tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $8.80 Large Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. A staple of Middle Eastern cuisine. A smooth blend of chickpeas, tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $13.55 Small Spicy Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. Our smooth Hommus with an extra kick! $7.45 Medium Spicy Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. Our smooth Hommus with an extra kick! $9.60 Large Spicy Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. Our smooth Hommus with an extra kick! $14.35 Small Baba Ghanouj Gluten-friendly and vegan. Pureed charbroiled eggplant with tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $7.45 Medium Baba Ghanouj Gluten-friendly and vegan. Pureed charbroiled eggplant with tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $9.60 Large Baba Ghanouj Gluten-friendly and vegan. Pureed charbroiled eggplant with tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. $14.35 Falafel (4 pcs) Vegan and gluten-friendly. A pleasant mix of ground chickpeas, fava beans, cilantro, parsley, onions, and spices. Mixed and fried golden brown. $8.80 Grape Leaves (4 pcs) Vegan-friendly. Grapevine leaves stuffed with rice, tomatoes, onions, and parsley. $10.60 Fried Kibbi (4 pcs) A rich mixture of ground beef and cracked wheat shell, stuffed with more beef, onions, herbs, and spices fried golden brown. Served with your choice... $11.80 Meat Pies (4 pcs) A blend of sautéed ground beef, onion and tomato. Baked in a soft dough. $9.60 Spinach Pies (4 pcs) A blend of sautéed spinach, onion, and lemon juice. Baked in a soft dough. $9.60 Cheese Pies (4 pcs) A blend of cheeses, baked in a soft dough. $9.60 Chicken Shawarma Rolls (4 pcs) Hamoudi's delicious shawarma mixed with onions, carrots, and spices. Fried in a crispy pastry dough. Served with your choice of tahini or garlic... $10.65 Beef Shawarma Rolls (4 pcs) Hamoudi's delicious shawarma mixed with onions, carrots, and spices. Fried in a crispy pastry dough. Served with your choice of tahini or garlic... $10.65 Meat Samboskies A soft, puffy dough filled with ground beef and spices and fried golden brown. $10.65 Cheese Samboskies A soft, puffy dough filled with our delicious blend of cheeses and fried golden brown. $10.65 Garlic Potatoes Golden Ontario potatoes cubed, fried and tossed in a rich blend of garlic, cilantro lemon and a perfect kick of spice. Topped with our homemade... $6.20 Sandwiches Beef Shawarma Sandwich Hamoudi's savory marinated AAA beef skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings. $8.80 Chicken Shawarma Sandwich Hamoudi's juicy all-white chicken breast marinated, skewered, and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of... $8.80 Mixed Beef and Chicken Shawarma Sandwich Best of both worlds! A mix of Hamoudi's savory marinated AAA beef and marinated juicy all-white chicken breast. Wrapped in a traditional middle... $9.40 Shish Tawook Sandwich Boneless, cubed, marinated chicken breast skewered, and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings. $9.75 Shish Kabab Sandwich Beef tenderloin cubed, marinated, skewered, and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings. $10.00 Shish Kafta Sandwich Extra-lean ground beef, mixed with finely chopped onions, parsley, and spices. Skewed and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with... $8.80 Falafel Sandwich Vegan-friendly. Hamoudi's popular falafel wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings. $7.60 Tabouli and Hummus Sandwich Vegan-friendly. A mix of Hamoudi's smooth hommus spread and rich tabouli salad. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of... $7.60 Sandwich Combos Sandwich combos are served with your choice of side and soft drink. Beef Shawarma Combo Hamoudi's savory marinated AAA beef skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings, side, and... $14.65 Chicken Shawarma Combo Hamoudi's juicy all-white chicken breast marinated, skewered, and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of... $14.65 Mixed Beef and Chicken Shawarma Combo Best of both worlds! A mix of Hamoudi's savory marinated AAA beef and marinated juicy all-white chicken breast. Wrapped in a traditional middle... $15.25 Shish Tawook Sandwich Combo Boneless, cubed, marinated chicken breast skewered, and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings, side, and... $15.60 Shish Kabab Sandwich Combo Beef tenderloin cubed, marinated, skewered, and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $15.85 Shish Kafta Sandwich Combo Extra-lean ground beef, mixed with finely chopped onions, parsley, and spices. Skewed and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with... $14.65 Falafel Sandwich Combo Vegan-friendly. Hamoudi's popular falafel wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $13.45 Tabouli and Hummus Sandwich Combo Vegan-friendly. A mix of Hamoudi's smooth hommus spread and rich tabouli salad. Wrapped in a traditional middle eastern pita with your choice of... $13.45 Saj (Lavash) Sandwiches Beef Shawarma Saj Sandwich Our savory marinated AAA beef skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $13.10 Chicken Shawarma Saj Sandwich Our juicy all white chicken breast marinated, skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread... $13.10 Mixed Shawarma Saj Sandwich Best of both worlds! A mix of our savory, marinated AAA beef and our marinated, juicy all white chicken breast. Wrapped in a traditional extra large... $14.05 Shish Tawook Saj Sandwich Boneless, cubed, marinated chicken breast skewered and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your... $18.10 Shish Kabab Saj Sandwich Beef tenderloin cubed, marinated, skewered and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $18.10 Shish Kafta Saj Sandwich Extra lean ground beef, mixed with finely chopped onions, parsley and spices. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread... $16.05 Falafel Saj Sandwich Our popular Falafel wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of toppings. $11.40 Tabouli and Hommus Saj Sandwich A mix of our smooth Hommus spread and rich Tabouli salad. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $11.40 Saj (Lavash) Sandwiches Combos Beef Shawarma Saj Combo Our savory marinated AAA beef skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $18.95 Chicken Shawarma Saj Combo Our juicy all white chicken breast marinated, skewered and slowly roasted. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread... $18.95 Mixed Shawarma Saj Combo Best of both worlds! A mix of our savory, marinated AAA beef and our marinated, juicy all white chicken breast. Wrapped in a traditional extra large... $19.90 Shish Tawook Saj Combo Boneless, cubed, marinated chicken breast skewered and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your... $23.95 Shish Kabab Saj Combo Beef tenderloin cubed, marinated, skewered and grilled. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $23.95 Shish Kafta Saj Combo Extra lean ground beef, mixed with finely chopped onions, parsley and spices. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread... $21.90 Falafel Saj Combo Our popular Falafel wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of toppings. $17.25 Tabouli and Hommus Saj Combo A mix of our smooth Hommus spread and rich Tabouli salad. Wrapped in a traditional extra large Middle Eastern Saj (Lavash) bread with your choice of... $17.25 Burgers Chicken Burger Extra-lean ground chicken patty mixed with spices and grilled to perfection, on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings. $8.50 Beef Burger Extra-lean ground beef patty mixed with spices and grilled to perfection, on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings. $8.50 Beef Shawarma Burger Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings. $8.50 Chicken Shawarma Burger Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken Shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings. $8.50 Beef and Chicken Shawarma Burger A mix of Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma and all-white breast chicken shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings. $9.20 Burger Combos Burger combos are served with your choice of toppings, side, and soft drinks. Beef Burger Combo Extra-lean ground beef patty mixed with spices and grilled to perfection, on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $14.35 Chicken Burger Combo Extra-lean ground chicken patty mixed with spices and grilled to perfection, on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $14.35 Beef Shawarma Burger Combo Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $14.35 Chicken Shawarma Burger Combo Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken Shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings, side, and drink. $14.35 Beef and Chicken Shawarma Burger Combo A mix of Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma and all-white breast chicken shawarma stacked on a toasted bun with your choice of toppings, side, and... $15.05 Hamoudi's Specials Hamoudi's Fries Hamoudi's unique interpretation of poutine. Crispy french fries topped with a blend of cheese, your choice of beef or chicken shawarma, your desired... $12.65 Hamoudi's Beef Burger A work of art. Hamoudi’s burger is prepared with your choice of beef or chicken patties. Served on a toasted bun on a bed of garlic spread, lettuce, $12.65 Hamoudi's Chicken Burger A work of art. Hamoudi’s burger is prepared with your choice of beef or chicken patties. Served on a toasted bun on a bed of garlic spread, lettuce, $12.65 Hamoudi's Bowls Shawarma Rice Bowl Beef, chicken, or mixed shawarma served on a bed on traditional middle eastern rice with your choice of toppings and sauces. $16.55 Quinoa Shawarma Bowl Gluten-friendly. Beef, chicken, or mixed shawarma served on a bed of quinoa with your choice of toppings and sauces. $18.00 Falafel Bowl Vegan-friendly. Hamoudi's flavorful falafel served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice with your choice of toppings and sauces. $15.15 Quinoa Falafel Bowl Vegan and gluten-friendly. Hamoudi's flavorful falafel served on a bed of quinoa with your choice of toppings and sauces. $16.55 Hamoudi's Shawarma Shakes Beef Shawarma Shake Gluten-friendly. Everything in a shawarma sandwich without the carbs. Hamoudi's savory marinated AAA beef shawarma served on a bed of lettuce with... $9.20 Chicken Shawarma Shake Gluten-friendly. Everything in a shawarma sandwich without the carbs. Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken shawarma served on a bed of lettuce with... $9.20 Mixed Shawarma Shake Gluten-friendly. Everything in a shawarma sandwich without the carbs. A mix between Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma and juicy chicken shawarma... $9.35 Falafel Shake Vegan and gluten-friendly. Everything in a shawarma sandwich without the carbs. Hamoudi's traditional falafel served on a bed of lettuce with your... $8.30 Hamoudi's Shawarma Shake Combos Beef Shawarma Shake Combo $15.05 Chicken Shawarma Shake Combo $15.05 Mixed Shawarma Shake Combo $15.20 Falafel Shake Combo $14.15 Plates Served with fattoush salad, pita bread, and your choice of rice or fries. Beef Shawarma Plate Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with sides of fattoush, mixed veggies... $18.55 Chicken Shawarma Plate Hamoudi's all-white breast chicken Shawarma served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with sides of fattoush, mixed... $18.55 Mixed Beef and Chicken Shawarma Plate A mix of Hamoudi's flavorful beef shawarma and juicy chicken shawarma served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with... $19.25 Shish Tawook (2 Skewers) Plate Cubed, marinated, skewered and grilled chicken breast served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with sides of... $20.85 Shish Kabab (2 Skewers) Plate Cubed, marinated, skewered, and grilled beef tenderloin served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with sides of... $21.60 Shish Kafta (2 Skewers) Plate Juicy extra lean ground beef mixed with onions, parsley, and spices, skewered and grilled. Served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or... $19.25 Mixed Combo (3 Skewers) Plate One skewer of each Shish Tawook (chicken breast), Shish Kabob (beef tenderloin), and Shish Kafta (ground beef) served on a bed of traditional middle... $23.60 Falafel Plate Vegan-friendly. Hamoudi's traditional deep-fried falafel served on a bed of traditional middle eastern rice or french fries. Served with sides of... $18.00 Mezza Vegetarian Plate Vegan-friendly. A sampler of Hamoudi's vegetarian Mezza. Served with fattoush salad, hommus, baba ghanouj, two pieces of falafel, and two pieced of... $18.65 Kid's Menu Served with fries. Chicken Nuggets (6 pcs) Chicken nuggets served with french fries. $9.70 Grilled Cheese Sandwich Vegan-friendly. Grilled white toast with cheddar cheese. Served with french fries. $7.50 Family Platters Platter for Four A perfect mix for a gathering of four to six. Served with two shish tawook (chicken breast), two shish kabab (beef tenderloin), two shish kafta... $88.50 Platter for Eight A perfect mix for a gathering of eight to ten. Served with four shish tawook (chicken breast), four shish kabab (beef tenderloin), four shish kafta... $163.50 Party Platters Dips Platter All our mouth watering dips in one sharable party platter! Our smooth Hommus, hot spicy Hommus, traditional Baba Ghanouj and our famous Garlic Sauce... $46.75 Mezza Platter An assortment of all our favorite mezza appetizers! Four grape leaves, four falafel, four shawarma rolls, four pies, four samboski, mixed pickles, $65.40 BBQ Platter For all our meat lovers. 12 pieces of each of our tender shish kabab, flavorful shish tawook, and mouth watering shish kafta with our award winning... $92.10 Middle Eastern Shawarma Platter 16 of our all new mini saj shawarma sandwiches with your choice of your favorite toppings! Served with fries topped with shawarma, mixed pickles and... $73.40 Create Your Own Shawarma Platter Shawarma night has never been this fun! Gather around with your family and friends and enjoy making your own mini-shawarmas! All your favorite... $60.10 Catering Menu Half order serves 8 to 10 people and full order serves 16 to 20 people. Fattoush Gluten-friendly and vegan. The most popular salad of the middle east. A mixture of crisp Romain heart lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, $43.05 Tabbouli Gluten-friendly and vegan. A rich and unique salad of the middle east consisting of fresh finely- chopped parsley, green onions, tomatoes, and... $49.10 Greek Salad Gluten-friendly and vegan. A staple of the Mediterranean. Romaine heart lettuce tossed with cucumber, tomato, onions, feta cheese, and black olives. $49.10 Hommus Gluten-friendly and vegan. $42.80 Spicy Hummus Gluten-friendly and vegan. $45.15 Baba Ghanouj Gluten-friendly and vegan. $45.15 Garlic Potatoes Golden Ontario potatoes cubed, fried and tossed in a rich blend of garlic, cilantro lemon and a perfect kick of spice. $28.50 Falafel Vegan and gluten-friendly. A pleasant mix of ground chickpeas, fava beans, cilantro, parsley, onions, and spices. Mixed and fried golden brown. $11.95 Grape Leaves Vegan-friendly. Grapevine leaves stuffed with rice, tomatoes, onions, and parsley. $14.00 Fried Kibbe A rich mixture of ground beef and cracked wheat shell, stuffed with more beef, onions, herbs, and spices fried golden brown. Served with your choice... $15.85 Meat Pies A blend of sautéed ground beef, onion and tomato. Baked in a soft dough. $12.85 Spinach Pies A blend of sautéed spinach, onion, and lemon juice. Baked in a soft dough. $12.85 Chicken Shawarma Rolls Hamoudi's delicious shawarma mixed with onions, carrots, and spices. Fried in a crispy pastry dough. Served with your choice of tahini or garlic... $14.00 Beef Shawarma Rolls Hamoudi's delicious shawarma mixed with onions, carrots, and spices. Fried in a crispy pastry dough. Served with your choice of tahini or garlic... $14.00 Cheese Samboski A soft, puffy dough filled with our delicious blend of cheeses and fried golden brown. $14.00 Meat Samboski A soft, puffy dough filled with ground beef and spices and fried golden brown. $15.05 Shawarma Beef $83.35 Shawarma Chicken $83.35 Shish Kafta Extra-lean ground beef, mixed with finely chopped onions, parsley, and spices. Skewed and grilled. $27.75 Shish Tawook Boneless, cubed, marinated chicken breast skewered, and grilled. $30.15 Shish Kabab Beef tenderloin cubed, marinated, skewered, and grilled. $32.65 Fries Vegan-friendly. $25.30 Rice Vegan-friendly. $26.90 Mujadara Vegan-friendly. $28.50 Sides Fries Vegan-friendly. $3.95 Rice Vegan-friendly. $5.45 Mujadara Vegan-friendly. $6.20 Quinoa Gluten-friendly and vegan. $5.90 Garlic $1.75 Shawarma $9.40 Falafel (1 pc) Gluten-friendly and vegan. A pleasant mix of ground chickpeas, fava beans, cilantro, parsley, onions, and spices. Mixed and fried golden brown. $2.30 Grape Leaves (1 pc) Vegan-friendly. Grape vine leaves stuffed with rice, tomatoes, onions and parsley. $3.00 Fried Kubbi (1 pc) A rich mixture of ground beef and cracked wheat shell, stuffed with more beef, onions, herbs and spices fried golden brown $3.20 Shawarma Roll (1 pc) Our delicious Shawarma mixed with onions, carrots, and spices. Fried in a crispy pastry dough. $3.00 Shish Tawook (1 pc) $5.85 Shish Kabab (1 pc) $6.20 Shish Kafta (1 pc) $5.30 Mixed Pickles Gluten-friendly and vegan. $6.15 Meat Pie (1 pc) A blend of sautéed ground beef, onion and tomato. Baked in a soft dough. $2.55 Spinach Pie (1 pc) A blend of sautéed spinach, onion, and lemon juice. Baked in a soft dough. $2.55 Meat Samboski (1 pc) A soft, puffy dough filled with ground beef and spices and fried golden brown. $3.00 Cheese Samboski (1 pc) A soft, puffy dough filled with our delicious blend of cheeses and fried golden brown. $3.00 Desserts Baklawa $2.20 Packed Baklawa Mini Box $7.40 Packed Baklawa Small Box $13.40 Drinks Water $2.20 Chocolate Milk Two percent milk. $4.40 Airan 500ml. $4.40 Soft Drink 355ml. $2.60 Dole Juice 450ml. $3.45 Mango Juice $3.45 Guava Juice $3.45 Cocktail Juice $3.45 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes