You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Healthy Fusions 2240 Wyandotte St W, Windsor, ON N9B 1K2, Canada 9.3 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Fusions Inspired - Pastas Fusions Inspired - Salad Indian Inspired - Non-Vegetarian Dishes Indian Inspired - Vegetarian Dishes Sharing Inspired Party Inspired Fusions Inspired - Lasagnas Fusion Inspired - Ravioli Fusion Inspired - Canneollini Fusion Inspired - Penne Fusions Inspired - Desserts Fusions Inspired - Smoothies Fusions Inspired - Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 915-5955 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Fusions Inspired - Pastas Spghaetti Primavera Pasta Spaghettis pasta tossed in olive oil, roasted garlic, fresh seasonal vegetables, tomatoes, delicious pasta sauce, Parmesan cheese, onions, and... $16.99 Spaghetti Bolognese Pasta Spaghetti pasta prepared in Bolognese sauce made with ground beef, onions, fresh tomatoes, olive oil, roasted garlic, pasta sauce, Parmesan cheese, $16.99 Chicken Pasta Sauteed chicken breast with savory Italian pasta sauce, penne pasta tossed in olive oil, roasted garlic, oregano, and Parmesan cheese. $16.99 House Special Pasta Fusions house special pasta with chicken breast and garden-fresh vegetables in rosa sauce, olive oil, roasted garlic, oregano, and Parmesan cheese. $18.99 Cream Curry Chicken Pasta Sautéed chicken breast combines with savory Indian curry, cream sauce, and garden-fresh vegetables along with penne pasta tossed in olive oil, $19.99 Butter Chicken Tortellini Fusions special butter chicken cooked with mixed cheese-filled tri-colour tortellini (pasta is made with fresh eggs). $19.99 Shahi Paneer Tortellini Fusions special shahi paneer cooked with mixed cheese-filled tri-colour tortellini (pasta made with fresh eggs). $19.99 Zucchini Noodle Pasta Fresh zucchini and carrot spiralled, tossed in olive oil, roasted garlic, red onion, fresh seasonal vegetables, finished Parmesan cheese, and oregano. $17.99 Bombay Style Spaghetti $17.99 Fusions Inspired - Salad House Salad Tomatoes, bell peppers, kale, red onions, spring mix, and balsamic dressing. $7.99 Garlic Bread Thick baguette bread spread with garlic and butter, finished off in the oven to be toasted. $7.99 Indian Inspired - Non-Vegetarian Dishes Butter Chicken Chicken cubes marinated in a mix of spices including cumin, turmeric, garlic, and ginger, along with yogurt and lemon juice. A tomato sauce with... Sold Out Indian Inspired - Vegetarian Dishes Shahi Paneer An aromatic dish prepared using paneer (cottage cheese), yogurt, milk, fresh cream, and paste-made cashew, Indian spices, and onions. Served with... Sold Out Matar Paneer Sold Out Sharing Inspired Share Platter for Four Two chicken biryani, one meat curry, one vegetable curry, and served with naan or flavored basmati rice. Sold Out Share Platter for Four - Vegetarian Vegetarian Option. Two vegetable polau, two vegetable curries. Served with naan or flavoured basmati rice. Sold Out Party Inspired Meat Pasta Party Tray $69.99 Vegetable Pasta Party Tray $59.99 Fusions Inspired - Lasagnas Vegetable Lasagna Baked layers of pasta sheets nestled in rich mixed cheese and garden-fresh vegetables with Healthy Fusion's famous homemade tomato sauce. $19.99 Chicken Lasagna Baked layers of pasta sheets nestled in rich mixed cheese and boneless chicken meats, accented with Healthy Fusion's famous homemade tomato sauce and... $19.99 Fusion Inspired - Ravioli Ravioli A flavorful cheese and spinach filling inside the ravioli dough pockets. Cooked with homemade tomato-pesto sauce with red onion, and Parmesan cheese. $19.99 Fusion Inspired - Canneollini Canneollini Stuffed cannelloni with ricotta cheese served with homemade creamy pesto sauce and cheese mixture is a great and satisfying meal for a vegetarian. $19.99 Fusion Inspired - Penne Chipotle Sausage Pasta Penne pasta enrobed in chipotle tomato sauce studded with slices of irresistible sausage. Finished with Italian blends and Parmesan cheese. $19.99 Fusions Inspired - Desserts Chocolate Swirl Cheesecake $5.99 Rash Malai (2 pcs) One order comes with two pieces. $5.99 Gulab Jamun (2 pcs) One order comes with two pieces. $4.99 Fusions Inspired - Smoothies Green Smoothie A healthy shake with blended raw leafy vegetables with fruits and orange juice. $7.99 Mixed Berry Smoothie Delicious berries blended with homemade yogurt or almond milk. $7.99 Mango Berry Smoothie Mixed berry, mango, and homemade yogurt or almond milk. $7.99 Strawberry Banana Smoothie Fresh banana, strawberries, and homemade yogurt or almond milk. $7.99 Fusions Inspired - Beverages Bottled Water (500 ml) $1.99 Pop (355 ml) $1.99 Bubly (355 mL) Grapefruit $1.99 Juice Bottle $2.99 San Pellegrino (Can) $2.99 Peace Tea Mango $2.99 A&W Root Beer Glass Bottle $3.99 Monster Energy $4.99 BRIO (Glass Bottle) $4.99 Pure Leaf - Iced Tea $4.99 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes