You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Hurricanes Pub & Grill 3217 Sandwich Street, Windsor, ON, Canada 9.4 View Hours This restaurant manages its own delivery. Community Support Place Settings Starters Wings Salads Burgers Wraps Sandwiches Main Dishes Sides Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 255-1833 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Starters Bacon-Wrapped Jalapenos Fresh jalapenos stuffed with cheese and pulled pork then wrapped in bacon and baked. Highly addictive and amazing. $12.75 Spinach and Artichoke Dip A creamy blend of warm cheese topped with cheddar and served with grilled pita triangles. $13.05 Coney Fries Wedge fries topped with chilli, shredded cheddar cheese, and sour cream. $11.85 Poutine Wedge fries topped with melted cheese curds and gravy. $10.85 Pulled Pork Poutine Slow roasted pulled pork topped on wedge fries with real cheese curds and gravy. $12.85 Mozzarella Sticks Lightly fried mozzarella sticks served with marinara sauce, carrots, and ranch dip. $11.20 Breaded Mushroom Caps Marinated mushrooms breaded and fried. Served with a side of Parmesan peppercorn dip. $11.75 Pickle Spears Fresh juicy dill pickles lightly coated in a breading and served with ranch. $11.50 Bruschetta Garlic toast topped with fresh diced tomatoes and seasoned olive oil. $10.25 Fully Loaded Skins Stuffed with cheddar, real bacon crumbles, and green onions, served with sour cream. $12.85 Quesadillas Your choice of chicken, Southwest beef, or pulled pork stuffed inside warm flour tortillas with tomatoes, onions, real cheddar, and mozzarella cheese. $11.85 Nachos El Grande Mounds of fresh seasoned corn tortilla chips layered with real cheddar cheese, a splash of barbeque sauce, with tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, and... $14.95 Combo Platter Loaded potato skins, perogies, mushrooms caps, chicken wings, and fresh carrot sticks. $17.85 Wings Famous chicken wings served with your choice sauce. Chicken Wings Famous chicken wings with your choice of sauce. Served with your choice of fries or carrots and dip. $16.50 Mega Wings Famous chicken wings with your choice of sauce. $46.25 Salads Classic Caesar Salad Fresh Romaine lettuce, tossed in a creamy garlic Parmesan dressing and topped with seasoned croutons, smokey bacon bits, and more Parmesan cheese. $10.50 Traditional Greek Salad A mix of fresh greens topped with marinated red onions, black olives, tomatoes, crumbled feta, and egg garnish. $10.50 Hurri's House Salad Fresh greens with tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, red onions, and croutons, served with your choice of dressing. $9.25 Julienne Salad This classic starts with Hurri's house salad topped with ham, fresh oven-baked turkey, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, and egg. $12.95 Mexi Tostada Salad Crisp lettuce topped with sliced black olives, tomatoes, onions, and shredded cheese in a baked tortilla bowl. Served with salsa and ranch on the... $10.50 Burgers Made fresh daily! Six-ounce Canadian ground beef with Hurricanes' special blend of spices and onions on a fresh toasted Kaiser. Smokey Hickory Burger Hickory barbeque sauce, beef patty, bacon, cheddar cheese, and onion rings. $11.25 Piggy Burger Bacon, pulled pork, beef patty, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo. $12.25 Flamingo Burger Cheddar cheese, beef patty, sauteed mushrooms, bacon, and signature sauce. $10.75 The Great Canadian Burger Peameal bacon, beef patty, mayo, lettuce, tomato, and cheddar cheese. $10.75 Basic Hurri Burger Just the beef, bun, and choice of toppings. $8.75 The Prime Burger Delicious prime rib burger topped with sauteed onions and mushrooms. $10.25 Juicy Lucy Burger Charbroiled beef burger stuffed with cheddar cheese. $9.75 Swiss Mushroom Burger Sauteed mushrooms and Swiss cheese. $9.75 TVP Burger Vegetarian. Charbroiled, choice of toppings. $9.25 Hungry Man Burger Two Hurri-burger beef patties and real Canadian cheddar. $11.75 Wraps BBQ Rancher Wrap Grilled chicken strips lightly tossed in barbque sauce in a fresh flour tortilla with real cheddar cheese, diced tomatoes, onions, fresh lettuce, and... $9.95 Chicken Clubber Wrap A fresh tortilla stuffed with grilled chicken, cheddar cheese, smoky bacon, tomatoes, lettuce, and mayo. $10.75 Southwestern Chicken Wrap Tender pieces of lightly breaded chicken breast tossed in Southwestern barbeque sauce with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cheddar in a fresh flour... $9.95 Chicken Mushroom Melt Wrap Grilled chicken and sauteed mushrooms. Mozzarella and cheddar cheese topped with barbeque sauce, wrapped in a flour tortilla and baked. $10.75 Chicken Chili Burrito Flour tortilla loaded with chicken, slow simmered chili, mozzarella, cheddar, sour cream, and salsa. Oven baked until melted. $11.25 Sandwiches Hurri's Gyros Sandwich Thinly sliced slow roasted gyro meat wrapped in a Greek pita with tomatoes, onions, and cool tzatziki sauce. Choose from traditional gyro meat (lamb) $8.50 The Cuban Sandwich Hickory smoked pulled pork and ham on a toasted Vienna loaf with honey mustard and melted Swiss cheese. $10.00 Buffalo Chicken Sandwich Lightly breaded chicken breast tossed in hot sauce on a toasted bun topped with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo. $10.00 Hurri's Hoagie Sandwich Shaved beef brisket in au jus stacked on a toasted Vienna loaf and topped with sauteed onions, green peppers, lettuce, pickle and house-made dill... $10.50 Corned Beef Sandwich Thinly shaved corned beef piled high on grilled rye bread. $7.85 Grilled Steak Sandwich Seasoned and grilled striploin steak on a garlic toasted Vienna loaf topped with sauteed mushrooms, onions, lettuce, tomato, and melted mozzarella. $12.95 BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich A toasted Kaiser bun stacked with Hickory smoked pulled pork. Served with a side of slaw. $8.25 Traditional Clubhouse Sandwich A triple decker made with real oven roasted turkey, smokey bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo on your choice of white or whole wheat. $9.85 Chicken Cheddar Club Sandwich A grilled chicken breast on a toasted Vienna loaf with lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, bacon, and cheddar cheese. $10.50 Reuben Sandwich Corned beef stacked on grilled rye bread with melted Swiss cheese and sauerkraut. $9.85 Main Dishes Baby Back Ribs Baby back pork ribs are seasoned, slow roasted and then char grilled. Finished with your choice of barbeque or honey garlic sauce and served with... $20.00 New York Striploin (10 oz) Seasoned 10-ounce New York striploin char grilled your liking, topped with sauteed onions and mushrooms. Served with a baked potato and fresh garden... $23.95 Pub-Style Halibut One piece of tender and flaky halibut lightly beer battered to order and fried until golden. Served with fries coleslaw and fresh lemon. $17.85 Baked Haddock One haddock fillet topped with a light crust with chili peppers, ginger, onions, garlic, and cilantro oven baked and served with rice and fresh... $14.85 Lasagna Layers of rich Bolognese sauce, cheese, and al dente noodles baked and served piping hot with garlic bread. $13.00 Chicken Tenders Juicy chicken tenders lightly breaded and fried served with fries and tangy plum sauce. $13.25 Sesame Garlic Ginger Stir-Fry Fresh medley of stir-fry vegetables quickly sauteed with sesame ginger garlic sauce with your choice of chicken or beef over a bed of rice. $13.85 Sizzling Fajitas Seasoned sauteed onions and peppers served piping hot with your choice of chicken or beef, warm flour tortillas, real cheddar cheese, lettuce, $17.75 Perogies Filled with cheddar and potatoes, topped with sauteed onions and bacon. Served with sour cream. $13.25 Sides Side Caesar Salad $4.75 Small Greek Salad $4.75 Small House Salad $4.20 Coleslaw $3.50 Garlic Mashed Potato $4.25 Bowl of Soup $4.50 Wedge Fries $6.05 Side Wedge Fries $4.25 Wings Sauce $1.75 Dressings $1.75 Sauce / Dry $1.75 Guacamole $3.25 Side Fries $4.25 Side Poutine $6.25 Sweet Potato Fries $4.75 Onion Rings $4.75 Chilli Bowl $6.50 Side Gravy $1.75 Beverages Pop (Can) $1.75 Apple Juice $1.75 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes