You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up India 47 1640 Lesperance Rd, Windsor, ON N8N 1Y3, Canada 8.7 View Hours Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Appetizers Hakka Entree Breads Sides Desserts Beverages Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 739-1947 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Onion Bhaji Gluten-friendly and vegan. Marinated onion fritters. $6.00 Murgh Malai Tikka Gluten-friendly. Bite-size pieces of chicken cooked in a creamy marinade with yogurt, ginger, garlic, and chili. $13.00 Shrimp Sherdil Gluten-friendly. Jumbo tiger shrimps marinated with fresh spices and cooked to perfection in the tandoor oven. $16.00 Amritsari Machhi Gluten-friendly. Crispy seasonal fish battered in graham flour and spices. $12.00 Samosa Chaat Vegetarian. Crispy pastries filled with seasoned potatoes and peas served with chickpeas and yogurt in India 47's homemade chutney. $8.00 Aloo Matter Ka Samosa Vegetarian and vegan. Crispy pastries filled with seasoned potatoes, onions, and peas, and two of India 47's homemade chutneys. $6.00 Paneer Tikka Gluten-friendly and vegetarian. Diced cheese marinated in a creamy tomato sauce with a unique blend of savoury spiced cooked tandoori style. $12.00 Tandoori Chicken Gluten-friendly. Bone-in half chicken immersed in India 47's house tandoori masala. $12.00 Chicken Tikka Gluten-friendly. Boneless chicken breast marinated in traditional spices cooked to perfection in the tandoor. $12.00 Hakka Chilli Paneer Vegetarian. Hakka paneer is made with chili peppers and exotic flavors from India and the Orient. $13.00 Chilli Fish Seasonal fish battered with the chef's secret fusion twist. $15.00 Chilli Chicken Fresh chillies, bell peppers, garlic, and onions cooked in a traditional Hakka style. $14.00 Entree Each main entree comes with an order of rice. Malai Kofta Handcrafted cheese dumplings immersed in a rich cashew nut curry. $16.00 Kadai Mushrooms Fresh mushrooms sauteed in onion, bell pepper, and tomato curry. $14.00 Hyderabadi Chicken Cooked in a coconut spiced curry with the delicious flavour of curry leaves. $17.00 Goat Curry Gluten-friendly. Goat cooked to perfection in a five-spice masala and finished with an aromatic tomato sauce. $19.00 Chicken Tikka Masala Gluten-friendly. Boneless chicken breast marinated in traditional spices cooked to perfection in the tandoor. $17.00 Lamb Saag Lamb sauteed in spinach and mixed greens cooked in a medley of spices. $19.00 Punjabi Baingan Masala Vegetarian. Eggplants cooked with onion, tomatoes, and green chilies. $12.00 Shrimp Dopiaza Jumbo tiger shrimps cooked in a flavourful onion sauce and Indian spices. $19.00 Lamb Biryani Rice cooked with lamb, onions, and infused with Indian spices. $18.00 Chicken Biryani Rice cooked with chicken, onions, and infused with Indian spices. $16.00 Vegetable Biryani Vegetarian. Rice cooked with mixed vegetables, onions, and infused with Indian spices. $13.00 Lamb Vindaloo Lamb with a heavenly aroma of fresh cinnamon, mustard seeds cloves, and rare spices. $19.00 Chicken Vindaloo Chicken simmered in tangy curry sauce with rare spices. $17.00 Chicken Saag Gluten-friendly. Chicken sauteed in spinach and mixed greens cooked in a medley of spices. $15.00 Chicken Lababdar Gluten-friendly. Boneless pieces of grilled chicken prepared in tomato, onion, and cashew gravy with a hint of coriander. $17.00 Aloo Gobhi Vegetarian, gluten-friendly, and vegan. Simply, homely, and tasty, potato and cauliflower stir-fried. $14.00 Saag Paneer Vegetarian and gluten-friendly. Fresh homemade cheese sauteed in spinach and mixed greens cooked in a medley of spices. $14.00 Lamb Roganjosh Gluten-friendly. A delicacy from the valley of Kashmir, cooked in a rich tomato and yogurt gravy. $19.00 Yellow Dal Tadka Gluten-friendly and vegan. Yellow lentils simmered in pungent spices tempered with dry chilies, bay leaves, cumin seeds, and garnished with coriander... $12.00 Daal Makhni Vegetarian and gluten-friendly. Black lentils, red kidney beans, and aromatic spices simmered overnight in ghee, the classic Punjabi way. $12.00 Chana Masala Gluten-friendly and vegan. Chickpeas simmered in curry with exotic herbs and spices. $12.00 Kadai Paneer Vegetarian and gluten-friendly. Soft homemade cheese chunks cooked in onion, green peppers, ginger, tomatoes, and fragrant spices. $14.00 Paneer Lababdar Vegetarian and gluten-friendly. Soft homemade cheese cubes cooked in a spicy tomato and cream sauce. $14.00 Kadai Chicken Gluten-friendly. Chicken breast roasted and cooked with chopped onions, juliennes of green peppers, ginger, tomatoes, and aromatic spices. $16.00 Chicken Curry Gluten-friendly. Chicken cooked to perfection in a five-spice masala and finished with an aromatic tomato sauce. $16.00 Delhi Butter Chicken Gluten-friendly. Tandoori chicken breast simmered in a delicately spiced creamy tomato sauce. $17.00 Breads Lachha Paratha Artfully multi-layered, whole wheat traditional unleavened bread baked in the tandoor. $4.00 Naan Traditional bread of Northern India is cooked on the tandoor. $2.50 Tandoori Roti Vegan. A classic whole wheat bread. $2.50 Garlic Naan Traditional North Indian bread baked in the tandoori garnished with garlic and herbs. $3.00 Butter Naan Traditional North Indian bread baked in the tandoor topped with butter. $2.50 Sides Raita Gluten-friendly. Diced cucumber in a fresh housemade yogurt garnished with coriander. $3.00 Steamed Rice The highest quality basmati rice. $4.00 Desserts Rasmalai (2 pcs) $5.00 Gulab Jamun (2 pcs) $5.00 Beverages Mango Lassi $5.00 Ginger Ale $1.00 Sprite $1.00 Coke Zero $1.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes