You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Italian Street Food 1783 Benjamin Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 4N7, Canada 8.8 View Hours Free Truffle Parmesan Kettle Chip with orders $35+ Community Support Place Settings Sandwich Combos Sandwiches Sides Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 674-1302 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Sandwich Combos All combos come with your choice of side and drink! Veal Sandwich Combo Lightly breaded and grilled veal cutlet with fresh tomato sauce. $16.99 Chicken Sandwich Combo Lightly breaded and grilled chicken breast with fresh tomato sauce. $16.99 Eggplant Sandwich (Vegan) Combo Lightly breaded and grilled eggplant filet with fresh tomato sauce. $16.99 Meatball Sandwich Combo All beef meatballs roasted and tossed in fresh tomato sauce, topped with mozzarella and romano cheese. $17.99 Steak Sandwich Combo Sliced ribeye, with sweet caramelized onions, seasalt and cracked pepper. $17.99 Porchetta Sandwich Combo Crackled crispy roman style pork roast, topped with rapini, hot peppers, sweet horseradish Cream, and romano cheese. $20.99 Sandwiches Veal Sandwich Lightly breaded and grilled veal cutlet with fresh tomato sauce. $12.50 Chicken Sandwich Lightly breaded and grilled chicken breast with fresh tomato sauce. $12.50 Eggplant Sandwich (Vegan) Lightly breaded and grilled eggplant filet with fresh tomato sauce. $12.50 Meatball Sandwich All beef meatballs roasted and tossed in fresh tomato sauce, topped with mozzarella and romano cheese. $13.50 Steak Sandwich Sliced ribeye, with sweet caramelized onions, seasalt and cracked pepper. $13.50 Porchetta Sandwich Crackled crispy roman style pork roast, topped with rapini, hot peppers, sweet horseradish Cream, and romano cheese. $16.50 Sides Truffle Parmesan Kettle Chip $5.00 Offer Sea Salt Kettle Chip $4.50 Cheese Rice ball $3.50 Olives $3.00 Beef Rice Ball $3.50 Two Beef Meatballs $6.50 Drinks Pop $2.00 Bottle Water $1.50 Imported Italian Soft Drink $3.65 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes