You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Johnny Shotz 13037 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8N 3T4, Canada 9.6 View Hours Community Support Daily Features Appetizers Salads Wings n' Things Clubs Sandwiches We Love Burgers Kid's Menu Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 735-7005 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Daily Features Tuesday Feature - Shotz Original Burger Starts with lettuce, tomatoes, onion, mayonnaise, and pickle on a classic bun. Served with your choice of fries or salad. $14.95 Appetizers Cajun Beef Tips AAA Ontario tenderloin seasoned with cajun spice and served with garlic bread for dippin’. $18.99 Flaming Cheese Flaming cheese made with Johnny Shotz's very own hot italian sausage, onions, jalapenos, and salsa. Plenty for two to share. Served with flour... $18.99 Spinach Dip Spinach dip served up with tortilla chips and fried pita points, sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. $16.99 Chicken Quesadilla Fresh chicken breast topped with shredded cheese served between two grilled tortillas with a side of sour cream, homemade salsa, and jalapenos. $18.99 Poutine Fresh Quebec cheese curds and Steve’s homemade gravy. $15.99 Small Fries $7.99 Large Fries $9.99 Small Sweet Potato Fries $8.99 Large Sweet Potato Fries $9.99 Potato Munchers Potato munchers with a side of homemade ranch. $10.99 Breaded Dill Pickles Breaded dill pickles with a side of homemade ranch. $11.99 Mozzarella Sticks Mozzarella sticks with a touch of homemade ranch. $11.99 Jalepeno Poppers Cream Cheese Jalapeno poppers cream cheese stuffed jalapenos with a side of homemade ranch. $12.99 Mac n Cheese Mac n cheese bites with a side of garlic aioli sauce. $11.99 Small Fries with Steve's Homemade Gravy $9.99 Large Fries with Steve's Homemade Gravy $12.99 Small Fries Without Gravy $7.99 Large Fries Without Gravy $9.99 Salads Southwest Salad Romaine lettuce with black beans, scallions, sweet corn, and shredded cheese, tossed in a creamy garlic dressing and topped with tortilla strips. $13.99 Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce tossed with a Caesar dressing, freshly grated Parmesan cheese, applewood smoked bacon bits, and croutons. $13.99 Greek Salad Romaine lettuce with grape tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, and feta cheese, served with Greek feta dressing. $13.99 Garden Salad Romaine lettuce with grape tomatoes, cucumbers,and red onions, served with your choice of dressing. $12.99 Spring Salad Romaine lettuce with candied walnuts, sundried cranberries, grape tomatoes,red onion and feta cheese Served with homemade citrus vinaigrette dress $13.99 Wings n' Things Personal Veggie Nachos Shredded cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, served with a side of sour cream, salsa, and jalapenos. $14.95 Large Veggie Nachos Shredded cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, served with a side of sour cream, salsa, and jalapenos. $23.95 Personal Ground Beef Nachos Shredded cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, served with a side of sour cream, salsa, and jalapenos. $20.95 Large Ground Beef Nachos Shredded cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, served with a side of sour cream, salsa, and jalapenos. $30.95 Fresh Chicken Tenders Each and every order is hand breaded. $19.99 Salt and Pepper Ribs Dry rub ribs slow roasted and served with fresh-cut fries. $19.99 Chicken Wings Johnny Shotz's wings are lightly dusted with spices served up with your choice of homemade ranch or blue cheese dressing. $15.95 Clubs Clubhouse Oven-roasted turkey (the real stuff, no lunch meat) stacked on Texas toast with all the usual suspects, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, applewood smoked... $18.99 California Club Oven-roasted turkey (the real stuff, no lunch meat) stacked on Texas toast with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon, Havarti cheese, $19.99 Clubhouse Oven-roasted turkey (the real stuff, no lunch meat) stacked on Texas toast with all the usual suspects, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, applewood smoked... $18.99 California Club Oven-roasted turkey (the real stuff, no lunch meat) stacked on Texas toast with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon, Havarti cheese, $19.99 Sandwiches All of Johnny Shotz's sandwiches are served with fresh-cut fries or garden salad. Chicken Deluxe Pita Tender marinated chicken breast wrapped in a warm Greek pita with sliced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and Johnny Shotz's delightful pita sauce. $17.99 Steak Sandwich Johnny Shotz uses Certified AAA Ontario corn-fed beef. Hand cut daily using only centre cut of the strip loin served on a lightly toasted panini bun... $24.99 Vegetarian Wrap Spring mix, onions, pickles, cucumbers, shredded cheese, and deluxe sauce, served in a warm tortilla. $16.99 Chicken Caesar Pita Grilled chicken, lettuce, applewood smoked bacon, grated Parmesan cheese, and Caesar dressing, served in a warm Greek pita. $17.99 Gyro in Pita Gyro wrapped in a warm reek pita with sliced tomato, onion, shredded lettuce, feta cheese, and Johnny's delightful pita sauce. $15.99 Johnny’s Reuben Sandwich Thinly sliced corned beef piled high on lightly grilled rye bread and topped with real swiss cheese, 1000 Island dressing, and sauerkraut. $17.99 Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich Spicy chicken sandwich freshly breaded chicken with lettuce tomato and mayo on a fresh bun. $18.99 Crispy Chicken Rancher Shotz crispy chicken rancher freshly breaded chicken breast with lettuce tomato homemade ranch dressing, American cheese, and applewood smoked bacon. $20.99 Buffalo Chicken Johnny Shotz`s hand breaded chicken breast tossed in medium sauce. Served on a classic baked bun with tomato, lettuce, onion, and homemade ranch... $19.99 Shotz Crispy Chicken Sandwich Freshly breaded chicken breast with lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise on a fresh bun. $18.99 We Love Burgers All of Johnny Shotz's burgers are ground fresh daily and hand patties, seasoned with just a pinch of sea salt. Burgers are flat grilled and served on a fresh lightly toasted classic bun or in a tortilla. Shotz Original Burger (Build Your Own) Starts with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mayonnaise and pickles. $17.99 Peanut Butter Burger Yes. That’s right. Johnny Shotz's knows it sounds crazy but you gotta try it. American cheese, smoked bacon, burger sauce, and peanut butter. $18.99 Mac Burger Lettuce, onions, pickles, american cheese, and burger sauce. $18.99 Johnny Beyond Meat Burger Lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pickle, and burger sauce. $17.99 Rise and Shine Burger Fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, and burger sauce. $20.95 Veggie Burger Lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, and mayo. $18.95 Pizza Burger Pepperoni,mushrooms, pub cheese, and homemade pizza sauce $18.99 Beyond Meat Burger Plant based, with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mayonnaise, and pickles. Remove what you like or add on of may add ons $18.95 Kid's Menu Kid's Chicken Quesadilla Chicken and cheese. $12.99 Kid's Cheeseburger Only cheese. $12.99 Kid's Chicken Tenders $13.99 Kid's Chicken Wings (5 pcs) Each order is served with five chicken wings. $13.95 Kid's Size Beef Nachos Beef and cheese, served with sour cram and salsa. $12.99 Kids Pogo Dogs $11.99 Kids 1 piece Halibut $22.95 Desserts Mason Jar Cheesecake $8.99 Beverages Canned Pop $2.75 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes