You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Johnsons Restaurant 2414 Division Rd, Windsor, ON N8W 4Z8, Canada 8.9 View Hours Free Homemade Pie with orders $35+ Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Favourites Salads Soup Sandwiches and Wraps Burgers Dinner Desserts Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 969-9426 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Fried Cheese Curds In-house hand-battered cheese curds. Served with marinara sauce. $12.00 Jalapeno Wonton Crunchies Jalapeno and cream cheese stuffed deep-fried wontons. $12.00 Potato Skins Fried potato skins filled with mixed cheese, bacon, green onions, and 40 Creek with ranch dip. $12.00 Pickerel Strips A generous portion of Parmesan-breaded walleye strips. $15.60 Bang Bang Shrimp Crispy fried shrimp with light panko bread crumb crust. Tossed in sweet and spicy Thai-inspired sauce. $14.40 Chips and Dip Thinly sliced potato chips. Served warm with Johnson's fry sauce. $12.00 Z-Fries Zucchini fries are served with chipotle sauce. $14.40 House Poutine Ground beef with caramelized onions, mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, and fresh-cut fries. $12.00 Favourites Chicken Tenders Breaded chicken breast strips, deep-fried. Served with your choice of wing sauce. $15.60 Fish and Chips Johnson's perfectly fried and beer-battered fish. Served with fries, homemade coleslaw, and tartar sauce. $15.60 Nacho Platter Corn tortilla chips, banana peppers, black olives, and green onions. Topped with salsa, loaded with mozzarella, and cheddar cheese. $16.80 Chicken Wings Roaster chicken wings dusted with Johnson's house seasoning, fried, and drenched in your favourite sauce. Served with carrots, celery, and ranch dip. $14.40 Salads Superfood Salad This delicious salad is loaded with superfoods and is hearty enough to satisfy big appetites! It includes kale, quinoa, roasted beets, sweet potato, $14.40 Kale Caesar Salad A twist on a classic Caesar substituting the crispy Romaine for dark leafy kale. It's topped with lots of freshly grated Parmesan and dressing. $12.00 Johnson's House Salad Iceberg and heritage blend lettuce, cucumber, tomato, red onions, shredded carrots, and croutons. Served with your choice of dressing. $9.60 Caesar Salad Crispy Romaine dressed in Caesar dressing, bacon, shredded Parmesan cheese, and croutons. Served with garlic bread. $12.00 Cobb Salad Crispy Romaine topped with grilled chicken, bacon, cucumber, tomato, avocado, and hardboiled egg. Served with homemade cobb dressing. $15.60 Soup French Onion Soup French onions soup is topped with crispy croutons and broiled gruyere cheese. $9.00 Sandwiches and Wraps Sandwiches and wraps include your choice of house salad or fries. Club Sandwich Turkey, bacon, leaf lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and mayo stacked between three slices of white or whole wheat bread. $15.60 Turkey, Cranberry, and Brie Panini Grilled country bread filled with turkey breast, cranberry sauce, and brie cheese. $14.40 The Kodlak Club Johnson Restaurant's traditional club sandwich with the addition of a hamburger patty and cheese. $18.00 Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich Toasted rye bread topped with Montreal smoked meat and mustard. $15.60 Beef Dip Sandwich Thinly sliced roast beef, sauteed mushrooms, and sliced Swiss cheese on a bun. Served with au jus. $18.00 Asian Chicken Wrap Breaded crispy chicken, Romaine lettuce, carrots, celery, bell peppers, sweet peas, and shiitake mushrooms tossed in spicy Asian rice, wrapped in a... $15.60 Veggie and Halloumi Wrap Roasted beet hummus, zucchini, carrots, sweet peas, tomatoes, spinach, and grilled halloumi cheese. Rolled with a flour tortilla. $14.40 Quesadilla Red onions, mushrooms, mixed cheese, mixed peppers, and grilled large tortilla. $13.20 Burgers Johnson's Burger A half-pound lean ground beef burger topped with old white cheddar, sauteed mushrooms, and onions. $15.60 Bison Burger Lean ground bison mixed with onions, topped with white cheddar cheese, bacon, and 40 Creek barbeque sauce. $20.40 Buffalo Chicken Burger Breaded chicken breast tossed in Frank's buffalo sauce with lettuce and tomatoes. $18.00 Venison Burger Half lean ground Venison, marinated in the secret Lodge spice mix, lettuce, tomatoes, and sliced dill pickles. Topped with mustard, mayo, and old... $20.40 Seriously Beef Burger Bigger than your average burger. Two six-ounce lean ground beef patties are topped with bacon, melted cheddar, and mayo. Garnished with lettuce, $18.00 Dinner Dinner entrees are served with veggies and your choice of roasted or mashed potatoes, French fries, house salad, or rice. Excluding fettuccine alfredo. Ribeye Steak (12 oz) A mouthwatering ribeye cooked to perfection. $27.60 BBQ Back Ribs Cooked low and slow for a perfect fall-off-the-bone rib. $18.00 Maple Mustard Salmon Maple mustard salmon is served with maple syrup, dijon mustard, and chopped garlic sauce. $24.00 Pickerel Pan-fried crumb-coated pickerel fish. Served with your choice of side. $24.00 Liver, Bacon, and Onion Delicious and good for you! Served with mashed potatoes and vegetables. $15.60 Pork Schnitzel Perfectly crispy traditional German hunter schnitzel topped with mushroom sauce and bacon. Served with mashed potatoes and veggies. $21.60 Hamburger Steak Hamburger steak is served with sauteed onion, mushroom, gravy, and mashed potatoes. $18.00 Hot Sandwich Hot sandwich includes your choice of sliced roast beef, pulled chicken, or a hamburger patty smothered in delicious gravy. $18.00 Fettuccine Alfredo Fettuccine pasta in a homemade creamy alfredo sauce. Served with garlic bread. $15.60 Desserts Homemade Butter Tart $2.40 Homemade Pie $6.00 Offer Classic N.Y Cheesecake $8.40 Ice Cream $3.59 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes