You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up La Pita 2055 Sandwich W Pkwy, Windsor, ON N9H 2S4, Canada 10 View Hours Community Support Pita Wraps Dinner Salads Burgers and More Meals Appetizers Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 250-7482 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Pita Wraps Gyro Wrap. Mixed beef and lamb with tzatziki sauce, onions, and tomatoes wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 Chicken Shawarma Wrap Grilled marinated chicken, tomatoes, lettuce, garlic sauce wrapped with grilled pita bread. $9.99 Philly Steak and Provolone Wrap Beefsteak grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, smothered in melted provolone cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, $11.49 Philly Turkey and Provolone Wrap Turkey breast grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, smothered in melted provolone cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and... $9.99 Chicken Fajita Wrap Marinated chicken grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, topped with shredded mozzarella cheese ,on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, and... $9.99 Shish Kabob (Souvlaki) Wrap Marinated beef tenderloin grilled with onions, tomatoes, green pepper, and smothered with tzatziki sauce, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $11.49 Chicken Caesar Wrap Grilled marinated chicken on a bed of romaine lettuce, smothered with caesar dressing perfected with Parmesan cheese and bacon bits, then wrapped... $9.99 Chicken Kabob (Souvlaki) Wrap Marinated chicken breast grilled with tomatoes, onions, and green peppers on a bed of lettuce, smothered with tzatziki sauce, and wrapped with... $9.99 Chicken Finger Wrap Golden fried to perfection chicken fingers smothered with mayonnaise and laid on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes then wrapped with grilled pita bread. $9.99 Club Wrap Low-fat crispy bacon, turkey breast and shaved ham smothered with mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 B.L.T. Wrap Low-fat crispy bacon on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes smothered with mayonnaise and wrapped with grilled pita bread. $9.99 Chicken Breast Wrap Marinated chicken breast grilled, smothered with mayonnaise laid on a bed of lettuce, onions, and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 Turkey and Swiss Wrap Turkey breast smothered with melted swiss cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 Chicken Parmesan Wrap Grilled marinated chicken topped with marinara sauce, melted parmesan, and mozzarella cheeses wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 Fish Fillet Wrap Smothered with tartar sauce on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes wrapped in grilled pita bread. $11.49 Falafel Patties Wrap Made of ground chickpeas with cilantro, parsley, onions, smothered in hummus laid on a bed of lettuce, cucumber, pickles, and tomatoes wrapped in... $9.99 Veggie and Feta Wrap Oraginal price $9.99 ,is 1 Dollar off for today. Wrap is made with ,Feta cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions, smothered with tzatziki... $9.99 Greek Pita Wrap Grilled marinated chicken, onion, tomatoes, feta cheese, homemade Greek dressing, and lettuce wrapped in grilled pita bread. $9.99 Dinner .Includes a Pita Wrap +1 Side of your choice and a canned of pop Chicken Breast Wrap Marinated chicken breast grilled, smothered with mayonnaise laid on a bed of lettuce, onions, and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 B.L.T. Wrap Low-fat crispy bacon on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes smothered with mayonnaise and wrapped with grilled pita bread. $16.99 Chicken Caesar Wrap Grilled marinated chicken on a bed of romaine lettuce, smothered with Caesar dressing perfected with Parmesan cheese and bacon bits then wrapped with... $16.99 Chicken Fajita Wrap Marinated chicken grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, topped with shredded mozzarella cheese, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, $16.99 Chicken Finger Wrap Golden fried to perfection chicken fingers smothered with mayonnaise and laid on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes then wrapped with grilled pita bread. $16.99 Chicken Kabob (Souvalki) Marinated chicken breast grilled with tomatoes, onions, and green peppers on a bed of lettuce, smothered with tzatziki sauce, and wrapped with... $16.99 Chicken Parmesan Wrap Grilled marinated chicken topped with marinara sauce, melted parmesan, and mozzarella cheeses, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 Chicken Shawarma Wrap Grilled marinated chicken, tomatoes, lettuce, and garlic sauce, wrapped with grilled pita bread. $16.99 Club Wrap Low-fat crispy bacon, turkey breast, and shaved ham smothered with mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 Falafel Patties Wrap Made of ground chickpeas with cilantro, parsley, and onions, smothered in hummus and laid on a bed of lettuce, cucumber, pickles, and tomatoes, $16.99 Fish Fillet Wrap Smothered with tartar sauce on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $18.35 Greek Pita Wrap Grilled marinated chicken, onion, tomatoes, feta cheese, homemade Greek dressing, and lettuce wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 Gyro Wrap Mixed beef and lamb with tzatziki sauce, onions, and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 Philly Steak and Provolone Wrap Beefsteak grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, smothered in melted provolone cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, $18.35 Philly Turkey and Provolone Wrap Turkey breast grilled with mushroom, onion, and green pepper, smothered in melted provolone cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and... $16.99 Shish Kabob Souvlaki Wrap Marinated beef tenderloin grilled with onions, tomatoes, green pepper, and smothered with tzatziki sauce, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $18.35 Turkey and Swiss Wrap Turkey breast smothered with melted swiss cheese and mayonnaise, all on a bed of lettuce and tomatoes, wrapped in grilled pita bread. $16.99 Veggie and Feta Wrap Feta cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions, smothered with tzatziki sauce and wrapped with grilled pita bread. $16.99 Salads Medium Garden Salad Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and your choice of dressing. $8.99 GREEK SAlAD Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, beets, olives, banana peppers, feta cheese, and homemade Greek dressing on the side. See Item Medium Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce, bacon bits, Parmesan cheese, cucumbers, and croutons, smothered with Caesar dressing. $11.99 Medium Fattoush Salad Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, pita chips, and homemade Greek dressing on the side. $10.59 Large Gyro Greek Salad Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, beets, olives, banana peppers, feta cheese, and topped with gyro meat and homemade Greek dressing on the... $22.75 Large Chicken Breast Greek Salad Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, beets, olives, banana peppers, feta cheese, and topped with chicken breast meat and homemade Greek... $22.75 Large Chicken Shawarma Garden Salad Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and topped with chicken shawarma meat and your choice of dressing. $19.99 Large Chicken Shawarma Caesar Salad Large ,with chicken shawarma topping ,Romaine lettuce, bacon bits, Parmesan cheese, cucumbers, and croutons, smothered with Caesar dressing. $24.75 Burgers and More All-Beef Hot Dog Ketchup and mustard. $7.49 Hamburger (4 oz) Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. $7.49 Hamburger (6 oz) .Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. $10.99 Hamburger (8 oz) Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. $12.99 Greek Burger (6 oz) Topped with tzatziki sauce, feta cheese, onions,and tomatoes $12.99 Grilled Chicken Breast Burger Mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomatoes. $10.75 Corned Beef Swiss on Rye On the grill and smothered with mustard. $13.99 Meals Large Chicken Greek Salad and Canned Pop Mixed lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, olives, beets, banana peppers, feta cheese, and homemade Greek dressing on the side. $23.75 Platter Platter served with almond rice and Greek salad, topped with your choice of meat. $20.99 Chicken Wings (7 pcs), Fries, and Canned Pop Seven chicken wings served with sauce on the side, fries, and canned pop. $19.99 Corned Beef Swiss on Rye , Fries, and Canned Pop Burger on the grill smothered with mustard and served with fries and canned pop. $20.49 All-Beef Hot Dog, Fries, and Canned Pop All-beef hot dog with mustard and ketchup on it served with fries and canned pop. $12.99 Homemade Chicken Fingers (3 pcs), and Fries Three Homemade chicken fingers served with sauce on the side, and French fries with ketchup on the side. $15.99 Fish and Chips, Fries, and Canned Pop Two pieces of four ounces each, battered haddock fish with fries, and your choice of drink. $22.99 Hamburger (6 oz), Fries, and Canned Pop . Six ounces of hamburger with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. Served with fries and canned pop. $17.79 Appetizers Potato Wedges Potato wedges served with ketchup. See Item French Fries French fries served with ketchup. See Item Onion Rings Onion rings served with ketchup. See Item Almond Rice See Item Hummus Medium hummus served with two pita bread. See Item Homemade Spinach and Feta Pie Served hot. $7.99 Poutine $9.99 Greek Fries $9.99 Tzatziki Sauce $1.49 Garlic Sauce $1.49 Gravy $2.45 Homemade Chicken Wings with Dipping Sauce Homemade chicken wings with sauce on the side. $8.55 Homemade Chicken Fingers with Dipping Sauce (4 pcs) One order comes with four chicken fingers with sauce on the side. $13.99 Mozzarella Sticks ( 5 pcs) One order comes with four mozzarella sticks. $6.70 Chicken Nuggets (5 pcs) Chicken nuggets are served with sauce on the side. $6.25 Homemade Lentil Soup Homemade served in 10oz cup $6.99 White Pita Bread $2.49 Whole Wheat Pita Bread $2.49 Side Sauces $1.49 Desserts Homemade Cherry Cheesecake $5.99 Homemade Tiramisu $6.99 Baklava See Item Beverages Canned Pop 355 ml. $1.99 Cold of Bottled Water $1.75 Variety of Drinks $2.50 Vitamin Water $4.15 Gatorade (591 ml) $3.55 Bottled Pop (710 ml). $2.50 Canned Nestea 341ml $2.49 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes