You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Lagos Grill 433 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, ON N9A 4J2, Canada 9.7 View Hours Free Fried Plantain with orders $35+ Community Support Place Settings Daily Specials Everyday Lunch Special The Grill Traditional Nigerian Cuisine Chicken Jollof Rice Dinner Special Pastries Soups Wraps Turkey Side / Extra Drinks Just Jollof White rice fish Fried rice Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 990-6463 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Daily Specials Jollof Rice with Stewed Chicken and Jollof Rice with Jerk Chicken Jollof rice with stewed chicken and one jollof rice with jerk chicken. Both with fried plantain, and coleslaw, along with two pop of choice. $37.95 Jerk and Fries French fries, jerk chicken drumsticks, and Lagos Grill's signature sauce, and ketchup with your choice of pop. $13.31 Jerk Chicken Poutine French fries, jerk chicken strips, beef gravy, and mozzarella cheese. $12.54 Everyday Lunch Special Lunch Special Jollof rice with barbecued chicken, coleslaw, and fried plantain. $13.19 Jerk Lunch Special Jerk drumsticks, jollof rice, plantain, coleslaw, and signature sauce. $14.29 The Grill Asun Grilled goat stir-fried with bell pepper, and onions (hot). $16.50 Suya Beef Grilled rib-eye marinated with suya spice (hot). $15.62 Chicken Suya chicken legs marinated with mild suya spice and special other aromatic spices, grilled, and served with a side of hot suya spice and our famous... $8.80 Traditional Nigerian Cuisine Ayamase White rice with designer stew a blend of green bell peppers, scotch bonnet peppers, and onion fried in palm oil with assorted meat. $19.25 Egusi and Poundo Pounded yam with egusi stew. $19.80 Assorted Meats Tripe, cow foot, beef, turkey/ mature chiken cooked in blended pepper, and tomato stew. $14.85 Bean cake ( moi moi) Cooked blended Red beans with onions and red peppers,with special spices to give bold aromatic flavours. Includes boiled egg, corn beef, and crayfish. $4.95 Eba and Egusi Eba with egusi stew $19.80 Honey red beans Honey beans cooked till tender in blended tomatoes, red bell peppers, onions broth, spiced with special spices and crayfish $8.25 Ogbono soup and poundo Blended irvingia seeds, okra, spinach, palm oil, grounded crayfish, stock fish, tripe. goat meat, beef. comes with poundo $19.31 Ogbono and eba $19.80 Okro with assorted meats and poundo $25.30 Okro with assorted meats and Eba $24.75 Vegetable (Efo riro) and poundo spinach cooked in blended red peeper, onions and tomatoes sauce spiced with special spices. meat includes whitting fish, crayfish, stockfish, beef... $26.95 vegetable ( Efo riro) and Eba. spinach cooked in blended tomatoes, bell pepper and onions sauce spiced with special spices. Meat include whiting fish, beef, crayfish, tripe. comes... $26.95 Chicken Jerk Chicken chicken leg with back attached marinated in special combination of jerk spices, grilled and served with our signature sauce. $8.80 Chicken Suya chicken legs marinated with mild suya spice and special other aromatic spices, grilled, and served with a side of hot suya spice and our famous... $8.80 Chicken Suya and jerk chicken Grilled jerk chicken and grilled chicken suya marinated in special spices to give bold aromatic flavor. Comes with signature sauces and hot suya... $15.90 Stewed Chicken Pieces $10.12 Jollof Rice All Jollof rice are served with fried plantain and coleslaw. Jollof Rice with Stewed Chicken Matured chicken, jollof rice, plantain and coleslaw $20.35 Jollof Rice with Jerk Chicken jollof rice with jerk chicken, coleslaw and plantain $19.80 Jollof Rice with Chicken Suya jollof rice, rice plantain, and coleslaw served with chicken suya. $19.80 Dinner Special Family Dinner Special Comes with two plates jollof rice with stewed chicken, one Asun, one suya beef, and three pop. $64.30 Pastries Meat Pie $4.62 Soups Goat Meat Pepper Soup Diced goat cooked in special spices to give a bold aromatic hot flavour $14.36 Wraps Grilled Chicken Suya Wrap (12'') Chicken suya, tomatoes, onions, lettuce, cheddar cheese, signature sauce or dressing, perfectly wrapped in a tortilla and grilled. $11.33 Grilled Jerk Chicken Wrap (12'') Jerk chicken, onions, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, lettuce, signature sauce, or dressing, and perfectly wrapped in a tortilla, and grilled. $11.44 Turkey turkey wings boiled with special spices and deep fried. Then stewed in tomato, bell pepper, onions puree. spiced with special spices for bold flavour. Stewed Turkey Pieces (wings) Turkey boiled, deep fried and stewed in tomatoes and pepper broth, spiced with special spices $16.28 Side / Extra Fried Plantain $3.41 Offer White Rice $2.42 Jollof Rice $7.10 Coleslaw $2.19 Poutine Fries with beef gravy and mozzarella cheese on top. $7.92 Fries Fried french fries with lagos grill signature sauce and ketchup. $6.16 extra poundo An extra wrap of the poundo that comes with Egusi and poundo $6.60 Extra Egusi Another serving of Egusi $13.86 Extra Eba $6.60 Signature sauce our secret $0.97 onion rings Deep fried battered onion rings with our signture sauce. $5.50 shito sauce blended garlic, ginger, onions, tomatoes, oil, salt, spices, dry fish, dry shrimp. Great on white rice. jollof rice. etc $2.20 Extra vegetable soup/ stew spinach made with pal oil and cooked with special spices, meats include turkey/ chicken, tripe, beef, whiting fish, crayfish and stock fish. $20.90 Extra ogbono. ogbono(irvingia) okra, spinach make with palm oil ams special spices. meats include beef, tripe, crayfish $14.30 Drinks Water $1.38 Energy Drinks $2.75 Pop (Can) $1.65 Vitamalt Drink $2.75 Zobo Drink (Organic) Hibiscus flower. Filtered water, organic cane sugar, ginger, and cinnamon. $5.17 Just Jollof Just jollof and Assorted meats large bowl of jollof rice and medium sized bowl of stewed assorted meats which includes cow foot, turkey, tripe and soft tender fried beef $21.12 Just jollof and Tilapia Large bowl of jollof rice with whole fried and stewed Tilapia fish. $25.30 White rice white rice and assorted meats large bowl of white rice with assorted meats which include beef, tripe cow foot and turkey/stewed chicken cooked in bell pepper and tomato sauce... $18.70 fish whole fried stewed Tilapia whole fried and stewed Tilapia in bell pepper and tomato sauce spiced with special spices. $14.96 Cat fish peppersoup cat fish pieces cooked in pepper soup. Head of cat fish may be included. (Bony in) $23.10 Fried rice fried rice with corn, green beans, shrimps. Fried rice and assorted meats. fried rice comes with peas, carrots, shrimps. comes with assorted meat which includes cowfoot, tripe, beef and turkey. $22.00 Just fried rice and jerk chicken fried rice made with peas, carrots, shrimps. comes with a serving of jerk chicken and signature sauce, $19.80 fried rice only large bowl of fried rice comes with shrimps carrots, peas. $9.90 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes