You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Mezzo Ristorante Takeout 804 Erie St E, Windsor, ON N9A 3Y4, Canada 7.2 View Hours Place Settings Appetizers Soup and Salad Sandwiches Pasta Entrées Gourmet Boxes Desserts Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 252-4055 before placing your order. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Calamari Lightly floured calamari tossed with peppers and onions, served with chipotle aioli. $18.00 Mezzo Bruschetta Crostini topped with roasted sweet peppers, marinated tomatoes, goat cheese, and caramelized onions. $11.00 Cozze Gluten-Friendly. P.E.I. mussels steamed with an extra virgin olive oil, white wine, and chilli tomato sauce. $18.00 Gamberi Arrabiata Gluten-Friendly. Sauteed black tiger shrimp in a chilli-spiced homemade tomato sauce. $18.00 Antipasto Misto Marinated grilled eggplant, roasted sweet peppers, artichokes, marinated mushrooms, stuffed olives, and tomatoes topped with fresh bocconcini cheese. $18.00 Salsiccia Gluten-Friendly. Italian sausage, peppers, red onions, potatoes, and spicy eggplant with a touch of tomato sauce. $17.00 Tuna Gluten-Friendly. Pan-seared sesame encrusted sushi-grade Ahi tuna with spinach and asiago cheese salad, topped with mango chutney. $21.00 Arancini Arborio rice with ground beef, peas, white wine, mozzarella cheese, and parmesan cheese, served with fresh tomato basil sauce. $15.00 Beef Tips Gluten-Friendly. AAA beef tips with caramelized onions in a smoky mustard peppercorn cream sauce topped with aged white cheddar. $21.00 Primo Piatto Gluten-Friendly. Serves two people. Prosciutto, sopressata, Italian cheeses, cured olives, and antipasto calabrese. $26.00 Soup and Salad Stracciatella Soup Gluten-Friendly. Traditional egg drop and parmesan soup prepared in a homemade chicken broth with fresh chives and extra virgin olive oil. $10.00 Mediterranean Salad Cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, croutons, red onions, bocconcini cheese tossed with olive oil, vinegar, oregano, and lemon. $15.00 Mixed Green Salad Vegetarian. Vegan. Fresh mixed greens, grape tomatoes, red onions, and cucumbers tossed in a white balsamic vinaigrette. $11.00 Spinach Salad Vegetarian. Vegan. Baby spinach leaves tossed with salted pecans, dried cranberries, red onions, and goat cheese in an apple cider vinaigrette. $16.00 Mezzo Caesar Salad Smoked pancetta, homemade Caesar dressing, crisp romaine, toasted points, and parmesan cheese. $14.00 Caprese Vegetarian. Cherry tomatoes, basil pesto, and fresh bocconcini cheese salad with extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, and cracked pepper, drizzled with... $16.00 Sandwiches Chicken Sandwich Open-faced sandwich topped with grilled chicken, red peppers, red onions in pesto gorgonzola, and honey cream sauce, served with a mixed green salad. $17.00 Veal Sandwich Open-faced sandwich topped with grilled veal, mushrooms, and caramelized onions in a balsamic blue cheese cream sauce, served with a mixed green... $17.00 Vegetable Sandwich Rapini, marinated roasted red peppers, eggplant, and caramelized onions topped with bocconcini cheese, served with a mixed green salad. $15.00 Pasta Ravioli Homemade ravioli stuffed with roasted butternut squash and Mutsu apple in bacon, and sun-dried tomato cream sauce. $31.00 Four Cheese Gnocchi Potato dumplings tossed in goat cheese, gorgonzola, asiago and fontina nutmeg cream sauce. $29.00 Penne Salsiccia Sausage with peppers, onions, rapini, tossed in olive oil, and garlic. $26.00 Tagliatelle Tagliatelle noodles with shrimp, scallops, mussels and calamari in a spicy tomato and white wine sauce. $36.00 Fettuccine Homemade fettuccine tossed with chicken, prosciutto, sun-dried tomato and spinach in a basil pesto blush sauce. $29.00 Carbonara Spaghetti with pancetta and prosciutto, tossed in an egg yolk, and parmesan cream sauce. $32.00 Lobster Penne Penne noodles tossed with red onions, red peppers and black tiger shrimp in a brandy blush sauce crowned with a 6oz lobster tail. $41.00 Spaghetti Mezzo Spaghetti with homemade beef meatballs in an oven roasted tomato sauce topped with warm bocconcini and grilled prosciutto. $28.00 Lasagna Fresh noodles layered with mozzarella, parmesan, tomato sauce and béchamel topped with asiago cheese. $24.00 Rigatoni di Manzo Rigatoni with ‘AAA’ beef tenderloin with bacon, peppers, and mushrooms in a brandy, and gorgonzola blush sauce. $33.00 Entrées Provimi Veal or Pollo Funghi Pan-seared chicken breast or veal scaloppini in a wild mushroom, white truffle cream sauce, served with daily accompaniments. $34.00 Short Rib Canadian AAA beef short ribs dry rubbed and braised, topped with a whiskey demi glaze served with daily accompaniments. $42.00 Veal Saltimbocca Pan-seared Provimi veal topped with prosciutto, sage and fontina cheese accompanied by pasta in a fresh tomato sauce. $34.00 Pollo Galliano Pan seared chicken breast with oven dried cranberries, wild mushrooms, red onion, and goat cheese in a Galliano cream sauce served with daily... $34.00 Lamb Rosemary and oregano marinated grilled Australian lamb served with a wild mushroom, pancetta risotto and finished with white truffle oil and sea salt. $48.00 Beef Tenderloin Pan seared ‘AAA’ beef tenderloin in a cabernet sauvignon reduction with fresh local mushrooms and daily accompaniments. $48.00 Grilled Salmon Cajun spiced grilled salmon topped with a mango chutney, accompanied by mascarpone basmati rice and daily vegetable. $34.00 Ahi Tuna Pan-seared sesame encrusted sushi-grade Ahi tuna with mango chutney and accompanied by mascarpone basmati rice and daily vegetable. $46.00 Baccala Pan seared cod fillet with fire roasted tomatoes, basil and lemon zest, accompanied by mascarpone basmati rice and daily vegetable. $35.00 Gourmet Boxes Date/Zoom Night Antipasto Box Enjoy this box with the one you Love or on a Zoom call with friends. This homemade antipasto box consists of Mezzo’s most popular appetizers. It... $50.00 Dinner Box - Feeds 4 The dinner box comes with fresh ciabatta bread and Mezzo's garlic butter. Choose one of the following from each section and one choice per section... $90.00 Vegan Box - Feeds 4 The vegan box includes eggplant Parmigiano, penne tomato basil, and mixed green salad. One order serves four people. $75.00 Salmon Seafood Box - Feeds 4 The box includes Cajun spiced salmon and grilled topped with mango chutney, sauteed rapini with onions and peppers, and tagliatelle noodles with... $90.00 Desserts Mezzo Tiramisu Layered ladyfinger cookies with liquor and espresso flavoured mascarpone cheese, and topped with chocolate. $10.00 Cheesecake Ask your server for today's selection. $10.00 Lemon Genoise Torte Paired with marinated Limoncello raspberries. $10.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes