You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Nooch. A Vegan Eatery 888 Erie St E, Windsor, ON N9A 3Y6, Canada 9.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Shareables Salads Mains A La Carte and Sides For The Kids Desserts Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 916-0950 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Shareables Bites Savoury seitan bites served with choice of sauce or dry rub. Pick one or a combo of any two. Served with carrots, celery, and house-made blue... $15.00 Poutine Fries Fresh cut fries, miso gravy, shredded mozzarella, cheese curds, cheese sauce, and topped with green onion. $9.00 Supreme Fries Fresh cut fries, chili, nacho cheese sauce, green onion, and pico de gallo, drizzled with nooch sauce. $9.00 Buffalo Fries Fresh cut fries, buffalo sauce, blue cheese dressing, cheese curds, and green onion. $9.00 Avocado Tacos (2 Tacos) Panko encrusted fried avocado slices, limed cabbage, pico de gallo, nooch sauce on your choice of corn or flour tortillas $13.00 Jackfruit Tacos (2 Tacos) (GF) Seasoned jackfruit, limed cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado lime crema served on your choice of corn (GF) or flour tortillas. $13.00 Crispy Tofu Tacos (2 Tacos) (GF) Crispy seasoned tofu tossed in BBQ sauce, creamy coleslaw, served on your choice of corn or flour tortillas. $13.00 Loaded Buffalo Bite Fries Our fresh cut fries tossed in cajun seasoning, buffalo bites tossed in 3rd degree hot sauce, nacho cheese sauce, iceberg lettuce, pico de gallo, $17.00 Salads Caesar Salad (GF) Kale, romaine mix tossed in Caesar dressing, portobello bacon, pepitas and a cashew parmesan cheese. $9.00 Traditional Caesar Salad Kale, romaine mix tossed in Caesar dressing, seitan bacon bits, croutons, and shredded parmesan cheese. $9.00 Cobbish Salad (GF) Kale, romaine mix, blue cheese dressing, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, tempeh bacon and an avocado egg. $9.00 Vitality Salad (GF) Kale, romaine mix, herbed spinach dressing, cabbage, cucumber and carrot topped with sunflower seeds and hemp hearts. $9.00 Mains All mains come with your choice of side. Reuben Seitan corned beef, sauerkraut, provolone cheese, our thousand-island dressing on marble rye bread. $19.00 Gyro Seasoned seitan gyro meat, onions and tomatoes with our garlicky tzatziki sauce wrapped in a warm pita. $18.00 Donair Seasoned seitan beef or turkey, onions, tomatoes, lettuce with our sweet donair sauce wrapped in a warm pita. $18.00 Philly Cheesesteak Seitan steak, grilled peppers and onions with our nacho cheese sauce on a toasted hoagie style bun. $18.00 Beef ‘n Cheddah Seasoned seitan beef covered with our cheddar cheese sauce and tangy BBQ sauce on a toasted onion bun. $17.00 Pulled Jackfruit Sandwich Seasoned jackfruit sautéed in a tangy BBQ sauce topped with creamy coleslaw on a toasted hoagie-style bun. $17.00 Deluxe Chicken Burger Seasoned chicken cutlet topped with cheddar cheese, leaf lettuce, tomato, and mayo on a toasted brioche bun. $19.00 BLT Club Seitan bacon, lettuce, tomato with our mayo on double-decker Texas toast bread $16.00 Turkey Club Seitan turkey, cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, mayo on double decker Texas toast bread. This can also be made into a wrap in a flour... $18.00 Chicken Caesar Wrap Kale, romaine mix in Caesar dressing, chicken strips, seitan bacon bits, pepitas and parmesan shreds wrapped in a flour tortilla. $17.00 Cali Wrap Panko encrusted fried avocados, kale, romaine mix, pico de gallo, limed cabbage, shredded carrots and nooch sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla. $17.00 Detroiter Field Roast Frankfurter topped with lentil chili, mustard and onions or chili and nacho cheese sauce in a hotdog bun. $16.00 Chili Cheese Dog Field Roast Frankfurter topped with lentil chili, mustard and onions or chili and nacho cheese sauce in a hotdog bun. $16.00 Big Mock Two non-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun. $16.00 Ultimate Cheesy Pasta A blend of 4 cheeses over pasta shells with mushroom bacon, green onion and a cashew parmesan cheese. Mushroom bacon (GFO) can be substituted with... $19.00 Deluxe Burger Your choice of a seasoned Impossible or Beyond Meat patty topped with cheddar cheese, leaf lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, ketchup, and mayo on a... $19.00 The Cuban Our house made seasoned seitan, sliced ham, pickles, peperoncini peppers, Swiss cheese, and your choice of yellow or Dijon mustard on a pressed... $20.00 Big Poppa Burger You choice of a seasoned Impossible or Beyond patty topped with, our ranch sauce, leaf lettuce, fresh tomato, our seitan bacon, red onions and a... $20.00 A La Carte and Sides All seitan meats, dressings, sauces, and soups are made in house utilizing locally sourced ingredients from all over Essex County whenever possible Soup $5.00 House Salad $5.00 Fries $5.00 Cajun Fries $5.00 Lentil Chili $5.00 Seasoned Jackfruit $5.00 Side of Seitan Bacon $5.00 Side of any Dressing / Sauce $4.00 Slice of Seitan Bacon $2.00 Slice of Cheese $1.00 For The Kids All kids’ meals come with your choice of side: fresh cut fries or assorted fresh veggies. Hamburger $8.00 Cheeseburger $9.00 Grilled Cheese $8.00 Hot Dog $8.00 Cheesy Pasta $9.00 Desserts Carrot Cake $9.00 Drinks Bottled Water $1.00 Perrier $1.75 Booch - Citrus Twist A fresh & energizing citrus blend $6.75 Booch - Raspberry Lemonade Tangy yet sweet, a bright pink “lemonade-tea.” $6.75 Booch - Blueberry Basil A juicy berry blend with hints of vanilla and spice. $6.75 Booch - Black Currant A bold & tart berry explosion. $6.75 Booch - Cherry Hibiscus A tart cherry blend with bright lemon undertones. $6.75 Booch - Blue Mermaid A refreshing blue/teal-lemonade with fresh pressed organic lemons, lemongrass, vanilla and lavender. $6.75 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes