You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up O'Maggio's Kildare House 1880 Wyandotte St E, Windsor, ON N8Y 1E3, Canada 6.7 View Hours Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Bar Snacks Sandwiches and Wraps Kildare Burgers SMASH Burgers Pub Fare Salads Bar Snacks Combos Kids Menu Dessert Beverages Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 915-1066 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Bar Snacks French Fries $7.99 Potato Poppers Deep-fried potatoes with three kinds of cheese, bacon, and green onions, served with sour cream. $9.99 Deep-Fried Pickles Deep-fried pickles served with house-made ranch. $10.99 Battered Onion Rings Battered onion rings served with sweet chili sauce. $10.99 Waffle Fries Tossed in your choice of rub with BBQ ranch to dip. $10.99 Sweet Potato Fries Sweet potato fries served with garlic mayo. $10.99 Jalapeno Poppers Deep-fried to perfection, served with sour cream. $10.99 Spinach and Artichoke Dip Spinach and artichoke dip served with fresh pita bread. $13.99 Fried Calamari Delicious calamari lightly breaded and golden fried, served with a spicy aioli sauce. $12.99 Chili & Toast Hearty homemade beef chili with a side of garlic toast. $14.99 Chicken Wings $18.99 Irish Nachos Fried kettle chips or hand-cut fries with melted cheddar cheese, bacon, green onions, tomatoes, and lettuce, served with salsa and sour cream. $14.99 Mozzarella Sticks Mozzarella sticks served with house-made ranch. $11.99 Kettle Chips Kettle chips served with barbeque ranch. $10.99 Hot Dog $5.99 Coney Dog $8.99 Perch Tacos (3 pcs) Three tacos with Perch, creamy coleslaw, pineapple salsa, and lettuce. Served with a side of tartar sauce. $15.99 Poutine $12.99 Combo Platter Four deep-fried pickles, Four mozzarella sticks, Eight chicken wings, and an order of onion rings. $29.99 BBQ Chicken Flatbread Fresh naan topped with mozzarella, chicken, and onions. Finished with BBQ sauce and arugula. $11.99 Sandwiches and Wraps All items are served with hand-cut fries or house salad. Pub Club Sandwich Grilled chicken breast, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, melted cheese, and garlic mayo on a toasted pretzel bun. $16.99 Halibut Sandwich O'Maggio's Kildare House's beer-battered halibut, fried golden brown, topped with lettuce, tomatoes, and their house-made tartar sauce on a toasted... $19.99 Steak Sandwich Eight-ounce New steak seasoned and grilled to your preference with sauteed mushrooms and onions, Swiss cheese, and horseradish aioli. $18.99 Corned Beef on Rye Sandwich Thinly shaved corned beef and mustard piled high on toasted rye, topped with melted cheese. $15.99 Kildare Pita Sandwich Grilled chicken breast with lettuce, tomatoes, and garlic mayo, all sandwiched into a warp pita. $15.99 Buffalo Chicken Wrap Grilled chicken breast in a fresh tortilla with lettuce, tomatoes, ranch, cheddar, and Frank's RedHot sauce. $15.99 Philly Cheesesteak Thinly sliced steak served with sauteed onions, peppers, and Swiss cheese. Served in your choice of tortilla or sourdough loaf. $15.99 Chicken Caesar Wrap Grilled chicken, bacon, lettuce, cheese, and caesar dressing wrapped in a fresh tortilla. $15.99 Chicken Parmesan Wrap Grilled chicken, marinara sauce, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese wrapped in a warm tortilla. $15.99 Spicy Chicken Sandwich Lightly fried spicy chicken breast, lettuce, tomato, onion, garlic mayo, and creamy coleslaw on a toasted bun. $16.99 Goat Cheese and Vegetable Wrap Sauteed vegetables, melted goat cheese, and O'maggio's dressing wrapped in a warm tortilla. $14.99 Kildare Burgers All burgers are fresh, handcrafted ten-ounce beef burger with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and garlic mayo. The O'Maggio Burger Burger topped with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and garlic mayo. $15.99 Blue Cheese and Bacon Burger Burger topped with a generous amount of blue cheese and crispy bacon. $16.99 Veggie Burger Garlic mayo, roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, sauteed zucchini, mushrooms, and onions. $14.99 The Mushroom Melt Burger Burger topped with sauteed mushrooms and Swiss cheese. $16.99 SMASH Burgers Big Kildare Burger Lettuce, onion, pickles, cheddar cheese, and Thousand Island dressing. $16.99 The Bachelor Burger Lettuce, tomato, onion, Swiss cheese, garlic mayo, and a maple-balsamic reduction. $16.99 Jalapeno Bacon Burger Jalapenos and bacon smashed into the patty topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, cheddar cheese, and garlic mayo. $16.99 Pub Fare Halibut Fish and Chips A Kildare house specialty! O'Maggio's Kildare House's award-winning beer-battered halibut, served with your choice of chips or side, coleslaw, and... $28.00 Mac & Cheese Baked macaroni in an Asiago cream sauce. Topped with cheddar cheese and served with garlic toast. $12.99 Lobster Mac and Cheese Baked macaroni with fresh lobster tossed with an Asiago cream sauce, topped with cheddar and served with garlic toast. $17.99 Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese Baked macaroni with buffalo chicken tossed in an Asiago cream sauce, topped with cheddar and served with garlic toast. $14.99 Perch in a Basket Lake Erie yellow perch lightly dusted and seasoned, fried to a golden crisp, and served with fries and tartar sauce. $18.99 Baby Back Ribs Enjoy a full rack of baby back ribs in a house-made BBQ sauce. Served with creamy coleslaw and hand-cut fries. $16.99 Shepherd's Pie Seasoned ground beef, lamb and pork layered with garlic mashed potatoes, carrots and peas; topped with beef gravy. $17.99 Guinness Beef Stew Chunks of steak, potatoes, carrots, celery and onion simmered in our homemade Guinness strew broth; served with a side of garlic toast. $16.99 Salads Kildare House Salad Mixed greens, vine-ripened tomatoes, cucumbers, and red onions. Served with side O'Maggio's Kildare House's vinaigrette dressing. $10.99 Cranberry and Spinach Salad Dried cranberries, pecans, and Gorgonzola cheese. Served with side O'Maggio's Kildare House's cranberry vinaigrette dressing. $12.99 Caesar Salad Fresh romaine hearts served with a side O'Maggio's Kildare House's house-made dressing, topped with crispy croutons, and bacon bits. $12.99 Greek Salad Fresh romaine, vine-ripened tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, and feta cheese. $13.99 Bar Snacks Combos Hot Dog Combo Hot dog served with fries or house salad. $9.98 Coney Dog Combo Coney dog served with fries or house salad. $12.98 Kids Menu Kids Cheeseburger and Fries $7.99 Kids Chicken Strips (2pcs) and Fries $7.99 Kids Grilled Cheese and Fries $7.99 Dessert Reese's Peanut Butter Blondie Cake A slice of delicious Reese's peanut butter blondie cake topped with a drizzle of chocolate sauce. $8.00 Beverages Bottle Water $2.00 Eska Spring $3.00 Carbonated Spring Water $3.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes