You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Odd Burger 13458 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8N 3N7, Canada 9.3 View Hours Picked for you Breakfast All Day Breakfast All Day Combos Burgers, ChickUN, & Noodles Burgers, ChickUN & Noodle Combos Wraps & Tacos Wrap & Taco Combos Sides Specialty Fries Salads Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 676-0624 before placing your order. Picked for you Famous Burger Combo The burger that made us famous! This infamous burger has two house-made chickpea patties topped with our famous sauce, onion, iceberg lettuce, $14.99 ChickUn PreTenders (5 pcs) We promise you will not be able to get enough of these crispy and flavourful pretenders. Hand formed chickun strips, tossed in our homemade... $9.29 Wingalings (8 pcs) Try our seasoned plant-based “wings”, fried to perfection and tossed with spicy buffalo, bbq or korean sesame sauce served with a side of ranch. A... $9.29 Crispy ChickUn One of our most popular menu items! This burger starts with our signature made-from-scratch chickun, seasoned and battered, then fried for an extra... $9.29 Gyros This classic greek wrap is made with grilled our house-made seasoned gyro meat, topped with creamy tzatziki sauce, diced tomatoes, red onion, and... $9.29 Breakfast All Day Breakfast Sandwich Our breakfast sandwich includes your choice of plant protein, tofu 'egg' sprinkled with black salt, and dairy-free american style cheddar cheese on a... $5.75 Maple Crunch This signature breakfast sandwich will blow your mind! We take all the components of our breakfast sandwich and kick it up a notch with a hot crunchy... $6.99 Faconator This hearty sandwich features our house-made breakfast 'sausage', bacun, and a hand-cut tofu 'egg' sprinkled with black salt. Served on your choice... $6.99 Venedict This ooey-gooey sandwich hits all the notes with our salty ham and tofu 'egg' topped with creamy house-made 'venedict' sauce served on a warm toasted... $5.75 BLT This classic sandwich does not disappoint! Served on a toasted English Muffin and topped with tangy mayo, fresh tomatoes, green leaf lettuce and... $6.99 Southwest Scramble Yummy and protein-packed! Our southwest flavoured tofu scrambled 'egg' is grilled to perfection and then topped with fresh shredded lettuce, diced... $8.09 Chia French Toast You'll be surprised how scrumptious our french toast is! We take superfood 'chia seeds' and turn them into a crispy, sweet and cinnamon flavoured... $8.09 Breakfast All Day Combos Breakfast Sandwich Combo Our breakfast sandwich includes your choice of plant protein, tofu 'egg' sprinkled with black salt, and dairy-free American style cheddar cheese on a... $10.99 Maple Crunch Combo This signature breakfast sandwich will blow your mind! We take all the components of our breakfast sandwich and kick it up a notch with a hot crunchy... $12.19 Faconator Combo This hearty sandwich features our house-made breakfast 'sausage', bacUn, and a hand cut tofu 'egg' sprinkled with black salt. Served on your choice... $12.19 Venedict Combo This ooey-gooey sandwich hits all the notes with our salty ham and tofu 'egg' topped with creamy house made 'venedict' sauce served on a warm toasted... $10.99 BLT Combo This classic sandwich does not disappoint! Served on a toasted English Muffin and topped with tangy mayo, fresh tomatoes, green leaf lettuce and... $12.19 Southwest Scramble Combo Yummy and protein packed! Our southwest flavoured tofu scrambled 'egg' is grilled to perfection and then topped with fresh shredded lettuce, diced... $13.49 Chia French Toast Combo You'll be surprised how scrumptious our French toast is! We take superfood 'chia seeds' and turn them into a crispy, sweet and cinnamon flavoured... $13.49 Burgers, ChickUN, & Noodles Famous Burger The burger that made us famous! This infamous burger has two house-made chickpea patties topped with our famous sauce, onion, iceberg lettuce, $9.29 BacUn Famous Melt We've taken our famous burger and merged it with our vopper to create this delicious burger that you'll definitely want to try! It starts with a... $9.29 Double Up Odd Burger's Double Up boasts smoky BacUn, dairy-free cheddar cheese and house-made Famous Sauce, all sandwiched between two ﻿extra crispy, $9.99 Vopper This perfectly balanced burger starts with our house-made chickpea patty, topped with dairy-free american style cheddar cheese, smokey bacun, $9.25 Preposterous Burger This yummy burger is scarily similar to the “real” thing. Our hand-made seitan burger patty is loaded with juicy flavour, served on a golden bun with... $9.29 Pulled Jack Our pulled jack is the ultimate comfort food! Our jack is marinated in smokey bbq sauce & spices, grilled then placed on a toasted golden and topped... $9.29 Kid's Burger Good things sometimes come in small packages. This burger has all the fast food vibes and comes with our house-made chickpea patty and is topped with... $4.49 Crispy ChickUn One of our most popular menu items! This burger starts with our signature made-from-scratch chickun, seasoned and battered, then fried for an extra... $9.29 Buffalo ChickUn Some like it hot. Our classic crispy chickun fillet is tossed in hot buffalo and topped with shredded lettuce and rich tangy mayo on a toasted sesame... $9.29 ChickUn Cordon Bleu A classic flavour combination put into a burger. We take our crispy chickun burger and top it with dairy-free american style mozzarella cheese, $10.29 Sticky ChickUn Get prepared for the sticky chickun experience! This burger starts with our crispy chickun fillet and is then tossed in korean sesame sauce, topped... $9.29 ChickUn PreTenders (5 pcs) We promise you will not be able to get enough of these crispy and flavourful pretenders. Hand formed chickun strips, tossed in our homemade... $9.29 Wingalings (8 pcs) Try our seasoned plant-based “wings”, fried to perfection and tossed with spicy buffalo, bbq or korean sesame sauce served with a side of ranch. A... $9.29 Mac & Cheeze Try our savoury mac and cheese made with gluten-friendly brown rice noodles and our rich and creamy homemade cheeze sauce. Add bacun bits to kick it... $9.29 Burgers, ChickUN & Noodle Combos Famous Burger Combo The burger that made us famous! This infamous burger has two house-made chickpea patties topped with our famous sauce, onion, iceberg lettuce, $14.99 BacUn Famous Melt Combo We've taken our famous burger and merged it with our Vopper to create this delicious burger that you'll definitely want to try! It starts with a... $14.99 Double Up Combo Odd Burger's Double Up boasts smoky BacUn, dairy-free cheddar cheese and house-made Famous Sauce, all sandwiched between two ﻿extra crispy, $15.98 Vopper Combo This perfectly balanced burger starts with our house-made chickpea patty, topped with dairy-free American style cheddar cheese, smokey bacUn, $14.99 Preposterous Combo This delicious burger is scarily similar to the “real” thing. Our hand-made seitan burger patty is loaded with juicy flavour, served on a golden bun... $14.99 Pulled Jack Combo Our Pulled Jack is the ultimate comfort food! Our jack is marinated in smokey BBQ sauce & spices, grilled then placed on a toasted golden and topped... $14.99 Kids Burger Combo Good things sometimes come in small packages. This burger has all the fast food vibes and comes with our house-made chickpea patty and is topped with... $9.99 Crispy ChickUn Combo One of our most popular menu items! This burger starts with our signature made-from-scratch chickUn, seasoned and battered, then fried for an extra... $14.99 Buffalo ChickUn Combo If you like it spicy then this is the burger for you! We take our famous crispy chickUN fillet and toss it in our house made buffalo sauce. Served... $14.99 ChickUn Cordon Bleu Combo A classic flavour combination, put into a burger! We take our crispy chickUn burger and top it dairy-free American style mozzarella cheese, 'ham', $16.29 Sticky ChickUn Combo Get prepared for the sticky chickUn combo experience! This burger starts with our crispy chickUn fillet and is then tossed in Korean sesame sauce, $14.99 ChickUn Pretenders Combo We promise you will not be able to get enough of these crispy and flavourful preTENDERS! Hand formed chickUN strips, tossed in our home made "butter... $14.99 Wingalings Combo Try our seasoned plant-based “wings”, fried to perfection and tossed with spicy buffalo, bbq or Korean sesame sauce served with a side of ranch. A... $14.99 Mac & Cheeze Combo Try our savoury Mac & Cheeze made with gluten friendly brown rice noodles and our rich and creamy home made cheeze sauce. Add bacUN bits to kick it... $14.99 Wraps & Tacos Twin Tacos Who doesn't love a taco (or two)? Indulge in two tacos filled with house-made vegan taco meat, lettuce, tomato, sour 'cream' topped with dairy-free... $7.65 Gyros This classic greek wrap is made with grilled our house-made seasoned gyro meat, topped with creamy tzatziki sauce, diced tomatoes, red onion, and... $9.29 ChickUn Souvlaki This classic greek wrap is made with our grilled and seasoned chickun, topped with creamy tzatziki sauce, diced tomatoes, red onion, and seasoning... $9.29 ChickUn Caesar Wrap This wrap is perfect for a light and satisfying meal. We take a plain or whole wheat wrap and add fresh green leaf lettuce, our creamy house-made... $9.29 Wrap & Taco Combos Twin Tacos Combo Who doesn't love a taco (or two)!? Indulge in two tacos filled with house-made vegan taco meat, lettuce, tomato, sour 'cream' topped with dairy free... $13.99 Gyros Combo This classic Greek wrap is made with grilled our house made seasoned gyro meat, topped with creamy tzatziki sauce, diced tomatoes, red onion and... $14.99 ChickUN Souvlaki Combo This classic Greek wrap is made with our grilled and seasoned chickUn, topped with creamy tzatziki sauce, diced tomatoes, red onion and seasoning... $14.99 ChickUN Caesar Wrap Combo This wrap is perfect for a light and satisfying meal. We take a plain or whole wheat wrap and add fresh green leaf lettuce, our creamy house-made... $14.99 Sides Fries Delicious thick-cut fries with a fluffy inside and a crispy seasoned outside. Just a hint of cracked black pepper, garlic, and sea salt for a perfect... $5.19 Side Sauce (2oz) Add one of our delicious plant-based sauces to your meal! $1.49 Onion Rings Without a doubt, the best tasting onion rings out there! They start with sweet thick cut red onions and then are coated with a distinctive peppery... $6.59 Hash Browns (2 Triangles) Enjoy our potato and onion hash browns fried crispy so they are crunchy with every bite! $3.59 Specialty Fries Greek Fries If you love our other greek menu items, you're gonna love this! We take our crispy thick-cut fries and smother them in creamy cheeze sauce, gyro... $7.65 Famous Style Fries Hold onto your hats - we've created a mind-blowing food experience. It starts with our crispy thick-cut fries and then we add creamy cheeze sauce, $7.65 Fries Supreme Our take on a classic fast-food side item-and it's even better than the rest! Our crispy thick cut fries are smothered in creamy house-made cheeze... $7.65 Chickun Bacun Ranch Poutine $9.99 Classic Poutine $7.65 Smoky Pulled Jack Poutine $9.99 Salads Caesar Salad (Small) A delicious and fresh salad that compliments any menu item! We take crispy green leaf lettuce and serve it with creamy homemade caesar dressing, $7.55 Taco Salad (Small) A great and filling meal on its own! This fresh salad starts with crispy shredded iceberg lettuce and our house-made vegan taco meat. We then top it... $7.55 Desserts Peppermint Nanaimo A delicious treat with decadent layers of chocolate and creamy peppermint. $4.69 Whoopie Pie A cakey sandwich loaded with yummy vegan marshmallow cream. $4.69 Beverages Coffee (12oz) Try our fresh brewed coffee served black or with plant-based creamer! $2.49 Milkshake (12oz) Plant-based shake using our house-made coconut soft serve. Flavours include coconut vanilla, orange creamsicle, chocolate, and strawberry. $6.49 Pumpkin Spice Latte $5.99 Tea (12oz) $2.49 Juice (12oz) Choose from either minute maid apple juice, orange juice, cranberry cocktail or lemonade. $2.49 Fountain Pop (160z) Choose from a number of coca cola fountain pop flavours. Comes without ice. $2.49 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes