You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up OPA! of Windsor 6152 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8T 1E6, Canada 6.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Meals Combos Salads Olympus Bowls Specials Pita Wrap Deals Grill Snacks Kids' Meal Sides Opa Extras Dessert Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 944-7771 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Meals OPA! Platter Meal Your choice of tender souvlaki skewer grilled to perfection. Served with rice, oven-roasted potato, Greek or Caesar salad, pita wedges, and famous... $15.35 Souvlaki and Salad Meal Choose one tender souvlaki skewer alongside your choice of salad and seasoned pita wedges ready to dip in famous OPA! tzatziki. $13.59 Pita Wrap Meal Your choice of tender souvlaki wrapped in a warm pita, drizzled in famous OPA! tzatziki, and topped with your choice of onions, tomatoes, lettuce, $14.25 Calamari and Salad Meal Crispy fried calamari piled high, battered in a special seasoning, and topped with red onions. Served with your choice of salad and famous OPA! $15.59 Spanakopita Platter Flaky phyllo pastry filled with a blend of spinach, feta, and fresh herbs, served with famous OPA! tzatziki and your choice of salad or rice. $13.19 Combos OPA! Platter Combo Your choice of tender souvlaki skewer grilled to perfection. Served with rice, oven-roasted potato, Greek or Caesar salad, pita wedges, and famous... $17.75 Pita Wrap Meal Combo Your choice of tender souvlaki wrapped in a warm pita, drizzled in famous OPA! tzatziki, and topped with your choice of onions, tomatoes, lettuce, $16.65 Souvlaki and Salad Combo Choose one tender souvlaki skewer alongside your choice of salad and seasoned pita wedges ready to dip in famous OPA! tzatziki. $15.99 Low Carb Greek Salad Combo Your choice of a tender souvlaki skewer on a fresh Greek salad including vine-ripened tomatoes, cucumbers, sweet peppers, and red onions, tossed in... $15.69 Low Carb Caesar Salad Combo Your choice of a tender souvlaki skewer on a fresh Caesar salad including crisp romaine lettuce, creamy Caesar dressing, croutons, Parmesan cheese, $15.69 Calamari and Salad Meal Combo Crispy fried calamari piled high, battered in a special seasoning, and topped with red onions. Served with your choice of salad and famous OPA! $17.99 Spanakopita Meal Combo Flaky phyllo pastry filled with a blend of spinach, feta, and fresh herbs, served with famous OPA! tzatziki and your choice of salad or rice. $15.59 Olympus Rice Bowl Combo $12.85 Salads Greek Salad Vine-ripened tomatoes, cucumbers, sweet peppers, and red onions tossed in Greek dressing and topped with crumbled feta cheese and Kalamata olives. $8.45 Caesar Salad Crisp romaine lettuce tossed in a creamy Caesar dressing and topped with croutons, Parmesan cheese, and optional bacon bits. $8.45 Low Carb Greek Salad Your choice of a tender souvlaki skewer on a fresh Greek salad including vine-ripened tomatoes, cucumbers, sweet peppers, and red onions, tossed in... $13.29 Low Carb Caesar Salad Your choice of a tender souvlaki skewer on a fresh Caesar salad including crisp romaine lettuce, creamy Caesar dressing, croutons, Parmesan cheese, $13.29 Olympus Bowls Olympus Bowls good to the last tzatziki drop. Choose a rice or fry base and then choose your favourite souvlaki. Rice Bowl $10.45 Specials All served with Greek salad and choice of fries or rice. Greek Chicken Delight $14.00 Gyros Dinner $12.00 Opa! Souvlaki Pork or chicken with tomatoes, red onions, and tzatziki sauce. $13.00 Pita Wrap Deals All served with fries or rice. Gyros Wrap $10.00 Opa! Souvlaki Wrap $11.00 Chicken Delight Wrap $12.00 Chicken Clubhouse Wrap Lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, cheddar, and bacon. $13.00 Grill Cheeseburger $11.00 Bacon Cheese Burger $12.00 Chicken Fingers (4 Pcs) $13.00 Soup and Sandwich Special $9.00 Snacks Pita Wrap Tender souvlaki or gyro wrapped in a warm pita, drizzled in famous OPA! tzatziki, and topped with your choice of onions, tomatoes, lettuce, fresh... $9.89 Calamari Crispy fried calamari piled high, battered in a special seasoning, and topped with red onions and a side of famous OPA! tzatziki. $12.85 Spanakopita Flaky phyllo pastry filled with a blend of spinach, feta, and fresh herbs. Served with famous OPA! tzatziki. $7.89 Kids' Meal Includes your choice of side and a box of Minute Maid Apple Juice. Kids' Meal Tender chicken souvlaki served with rice, a half order of pita wedges, and famous OPA! tzatziki. $8.15 Kids' Grilled Cheese Meal $7.25 Sides OPA! Fries Crispy, golden fries tossed in herbs and lemon juice, served with famous OPA! tzatziki. $5.35 Hummus and Pita Soft, chewy pita wedges fresh off the grill and ready to be dipped in signature hummus. $4.89 Tzatziki and Pita Bread White or whole wheat. $4.39 Souvlaki Skewer A skewer of tender souvlaki, grilled to perfection and served with tzatziki. $5.59 Greek Roasted Potatoes $4.69 Rice Pilaf $4.69 Opa Extras Tzatziki $1.55 Dessert Traditional Baklava Thin, flaky dessert pastry filled with crushed almonds, walnuts, and honey. $3.35 Beverages Dasani Bottled Water $3.15 Canned Pop $2.85 Bottled Nestea Lemon Iced Tea $3.55 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes