You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Osmow's 2161 Wyandotte St W, Windsor, ON N9B 1K1, Canada 8.6 View Hours Community Support Place Settings OZ BOX SAJ Shawarma Wraps Combo Wrap Combos Signature Creations On the ROCKS™ Junior Shawarmas Daily Special - Tuesday SAJ Shawarma Wraps Wraps Signature Creations On the STIX™ Signature Creations ON THE VEGGIES Salads Sides & Appetizers Specialty Dishes Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at 519-2540551 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item OZ BOX Chicken Shawarma Oz Box $15.19 Falafel Oz Box $15.19 Lamb Shawarma Oz Box $18.59 Beyond Meat Oz Box $18.59 Beef Shawarma Oz Box $17.49 Osmow's Special Oz Box $17.49 Chicken Kebab Oz Box $16.59 Beef Kofta Oz Box $17.49 Philly Chicken Oz Box $17.09 Philly Cheese Steak Oz Box $19.39 SAJ Shawarma Wraps Combo Chicken Saj Wrap Combo Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from a rotating spit then grilled to perfection. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with... $15.28 Beef Saj Wrap Combo Finely carved beef shawarma sautéed with tomatoes and onions grilled to perfection. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered... $16.41 Lamb Saj Wrap Combo Finely grilled lamb shawarma sautéed with onions and parsley. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with fries plus your... $17.54 Falafel Saj Wrap Combo $15.28 Beyond Meat Saj Wrap Combo Beyond Meat shawarma grilled to perfection with tomatoes and onions . Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with fries plus... $17.54 Wrap Combos Chicken Shawarma Wrap Combo $13.58 Beef Shawarma Wrap Combo Finely carved beef shawarma sautéed with tomatoes and onions. Served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with Osmow's famous Garlic Sauce and... $14.71 Lamb Shawarma Wrap Combo Finely grilled lamb shawarma sautéed with onions and parsley. Served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with Osmow's famous Garlic Sauce and... $15.84 Beyond Meat Shawarma Wrap Combo Beyond Meat shawarma grilled to perfection with tomatoes and onions . Served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with Osmow's signature Light and... $15.84 Falafel Wrap Combo Mix of ground -s and fava beans with Osmow's secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, fried to perfection, served in a pita wrap with the... $13.58 Osmows Special Wrap Combo Chicken breast marinated in Osmow’s secret sweet and savory spices grilled with pineapples. Served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with Philly... $15.84 Chicken Kebab Wrap Combo Chunks of grilled chicken breast marinated in Osmow’s signature Mediterranean spices and herbs, served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with... $15.28 Beef Kofta Wrap Combo Ground beef minced with veggies marinated with Osmow’s signature spices, grilled to perfection served in a pita wrap with the WORKS, topped with... $14.71 Philly Chicken Wrap Combo Finely carved from the rotisserie chicken sautéed with green peppers, onions, melted mozzarella cheese, and Osmow's Philly sauce. Served in a pita... $15.84 Philly Cheese Steak Wrap Combo Finely sliced Philly steak sautéed with green peppers, onions, melted mozzarella cheese, and Osmow’s Philly sauce. Served in a pita wrap with the... $16.97 Signature Creations On the ROCKS™ Chicken Shawarma On the ROCKS™ Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of rocks (rice). Topped off with Osmow’s famous garlic... $11.85 Beef Shawarma On the ROCKS™ Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of rocks (rice). Topped off with Osmow’s famous... $12.98 Lamb Shawarma On the ROCKS™ Finely carved lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of rox (rice). Topped off with Osmow’s famous... $14.11 Beyond Meat On the ROCKS™ Beyond Meat sauteed with tomatoes and onions. Served on a bed of rocks (rice). Topped off with Osmow’s famous light and vegan garlic sauce, tahini, $14.11 Falafel On the ROCKS™ A mix of chickpeas, fava beans, and Osmow’s secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, golden fried to perfection. Served on a bed of rocks... $11.85 Junior Shawarmas Junior Chicken Shawarma $5.69 Junior Beef Shawarma $6.76 Junior Lamb Shawarma $7.89 Junior Beyond Meat Shawarma $7.89 Junior Falafel Wrap $5.69 Daily Special - Tuesday Tuesday Special - Beef Shawarma Oz Box $14.09 SAJ Shawarma Wraps SAJ Chicken Shawarma Wrap Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from a rotating spit then grilled to perfection. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with... $11.28 SAJ Beef Shawarma Wrap Finely carved beef shawarma sautéed with tomatoes and onions grilled to perfection. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered... $12.41 SAJ Lamb Shawarma Wrap Finely grilled lamb shawarma sautéed with onions and parsley. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with fries plus your... $13.54 SAJ Beyond Meat Shawarma Wrap Beyond Meat shawarma grilled to perfection with tomatoes and onions. Served in a SAJ wrap (middle eastern style flatbread) layered with fries plus... $13.54 Wraps Chicken Shawarma Wrap with Canned Pop Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped with Osmow's signature... $11.28 Beef Shawarma Wrap with Canned Pop Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped with Osmow's famous garlic sauce and... $12.41 Lamb Shawarma Wrap with Canned Pop Finely grilled lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped with Osmow's famous garlic sauce and... $13.54 Beyond Meat Shawarma Wrap with Canned Pop Beyond Meat shawarma grilled to perfection with tomatoes and onions. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped with Osmow's signature light and... $13.54 Falafel Wrap with Canned Pop A mix of ground chickpeas and fava beans with Osmow's secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, fried to perfection. Served in a pita wrap with... $11.28 Osmow's Special Wrap with Canned Pop Chicken breast marinated in Osmow’s secret sweet and savoury spices and grilled with pineapples. Served in a pita wrap with the works of fresh... $13.54 Chicken Kebab Wrap with Canned Pop Chunks of grilled chicken breast marinated in Osmow’s signature Mediterranean spices and herbs. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped with... $12.98 Beef Kofta Wrap with Canned Pop Ground beef minced with vegetables, marinated with Osmow’s signature spices, and grilled to perfection. Served in a pita wrap with the works. Topped... $12.41 Philly Chicken Wrap with Canned Pop Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection, sautéed with green peppers, onions, melted mozzarella cheese, and Osmow's... $13.54 Philly Cheese Steak Wrap with Canned Pop Finely sliced Philly steak sauteed with green peppers, onions, melted mozzarella cheese, and Osmow’s Philly sauce. Served in a pita wrap with the... $14.67 Beyond Meat Philly Wrap with Canned Pop Beyond Meat sauteed with green peppers, onions, melted mozzarella cheese, and Osmow’s Philly sauce. Served in a pita wrap with the works of fresh... $14.70 Signature Creations On the STIX™ Chicken Shawarma On the STIX™ Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of stix (fries). Topped off with Osmow’s famous garlic... $12.42 Beef Shawarma On the STIX™ Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of stix (fries). Topped off with Osmow’s famous... $14.68 Lamb Shawarma On the STIX™ Finely carved lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of stix (fries). Topped off with Osmow’s famous... $15.81 Beyond Meat on the STIX™ Beyond Meat sauteed with tomatoes and onions. Served on a bed of stix (fries). Topped off with Osmow’s famous light and vegan garlic sauce, tahini, $15.81 Falafel On the STIX™ A mix of chickpeas, fava beans, and Osmow’s secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, golden fried to perfection. Served on a bed of stix... $12.42 Signature Creations ON THE VEGGIES Chicken on The Veggies Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of grilled vegetables. Topped off with Osmow’s famous... $14.34 Beef on The Veggies Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of seasoned grilled vegetables. Topped off with... $16.03 Lamb on The Veggies Finely carved lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of seasoned grilled vegetables. Topped off with... $17.16 Beyond Meat on The Veggies Beyond Meat sauteed with tomatoes and onions. Served on a bed of seasoned grilled vegetables. Topped off with Osmow’s famous light and vegan garlic... $17.16 Falafel on The Veggies A mix of chickpeas, fava beans, and Osmow’s secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, golden fried to perfection. Served on a bed of seasoned... $14.34 Salads Fattoush Salad Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and green peppers, mixed with crispy pita croutons and sumac, topped with Osmow's famous house dressing served... $8.69 Caesar Salad Crisp iceberg lettuce mixed with crunchy pita croutons, topped with Osmow's famous garlic sauce and Parmesan cheese. (320/640 Cals) $8.69 Greek Salad Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers, mixed with Osmow's famous house dressing, topped with feta cheese and kalamata black olives. (250/420 Cals) $9.82 On the Salad $8.69 Sides & Appetizers STIX™ Fries. (260 Cals) $3.15 ROCKS™ Signature rice with Osmow's famous Garlic Sauce. (250/300 Cals) $3.15 Grilled Vegetables Osmow's new Mediterranean vegetable medley now includes Carrots, Broccoli, and Cauliflower, carefully grilled to perfection. (80/240 Cals) $6.20 Falafel (5 pcs) A mix of ground chickpeas, fava bean, and Osmow’s secret herbs and spices, golden fried to perfection. Served with a side of Osmow's signature tahini... $5.64 Just Chicken Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. (250/920 Cals) $10.72 Just Beef Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions, grilled to perfection. (260/960 Cals) $12.42 Just Lamb Finely carved lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley, grilled to perfection. (400/850 Cals) $13.55 Just Beyond Meat Beyond Meat sauteed with tomatoes and onions. (400/850 Cals) $13.55 Specialty Dishes Chicken Shawarma Poutine Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served on poutine. Topped off with Osmow’s famous garlic sauce. (800/1170 $14.34 Chicken Half and Half Finely carved Chicken Shawarma from the rotisserie & grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of half ROCKS (rice) and STIX (fries), topped off with... $12.98 Beef Half and Half Finely carved beef shawarma sauteed with tomatoes and onions, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of rocks (rice) and stix (fries). Topped off... $14.90 Lamb Half and Half Finely carved lamb shawarma sauteed with onions and parsley, grilled to perfection. Served on a bed of rox (rice) and stix (fries). Topped off with... $16.03 Beyond Meat Half and Half Beyond Meat sauteed with tomatoes and onions. Served on a bed of rocks (rice) and stix (fries). Topped off with Osmow’s famous light and vegan garlic... $16.03 Falafel Half and Half A mix of chickpeas, fava beans, and Osmow’s secret herbs and spices mashed up into a ball, golden fried to perfection. Served on a bed of rocks... $12.98 Desserts Baklava (1 pc) A Mediterranean dessert made with phyllo dough and mixed nuts. Baked to golden perfection and covered in sweet syrup, allowing it to be absorbed into... $2.93 Baklava Box (6 pcs) A Mediterranean dessert made with phyllo dough and mixed nuts. Baked to golden perfection and covered in sweet syrup, allowing it to be absorbed into... $5.65 Dufflet Brownie $3.99 Beverages Canned Pop $1.69 Bottled Pop $3.19 Bottled Water $1.69 Bottled Juice $3.19 Chocolate Milk $3.19 Laban Yogurt Drink $3.19 Osmow's Juice $3.39 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes