You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Parks & Rec 3087 Forest Glade Dr, Windsor, ON N8R 1X5, Canada 8.8 View Hours Free Churros with orders $35+ Community Support Place Settings Apps and Shareables Salads Handhelds Entrees Kids' Menu Flatbread Dessert Add Ons Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 956-8956 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Apps and Shareables Edamame Hummus Served with vegetables and grilled flatbread for dipping. $11.75 Sweet and Sticky Cauliflower Bites Fried cauliflower florets with honey-soy, hoisin, garlic, chilli flakes, green onion, and toasted cashews. $13.25 Guac and Chips Avocado smash topped with lime creama served with tri-colour tortilla chips. $9.75 Single Sheet Nachos Tri-colour tortilla chips, cheddar and mozzarella cheese pickled red onion, fresh jalapenos, olives, Pico de Gallo, lime crema, and green onion. $18.75 Parks and Rec Poutine Served with Quebec cheese curds and gravy. $9.75 Parks and Rec Wings Choice of regular or boneless tossed in choice of sauce served with carrots and celery and choice of dipping sauce. $16.75 Charcuterie Board Assorted cured meats and cheeses, grainy dijon mustard, olives, crostini, and cranberry compote. $20.75 Roasted Tomato Soup vegan & gluten free served with herb croutons $6.75 Salads Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce, bacon crisps, Parmesan cheese, and house-made croutons. $12.25 Spinach and Berries Spinach and mixed greens, berries, pear, almond slivers, pickled red onion, and crumbled goat cheese with white balsamic-citrus vinaigrette. $15.25 Mediterranean Salad Quinoa, chickpea, tomato, cucumber, red onions, olives, and crumbled feta cheese parsley with herb and feta vinaigrette. $15.25 Asian Salad Iceberg lettuce, pickled red cabbage & carrots, crispy wontons, cilantro, black sesame, mandarin oranges,and sesame hoisin dressing. $14.25 Handhelds Served with choice of side. Hummus Sandwich Hummus, baby spinach, avocado, cucumber, tomato, pickled red onion, pea shoots, and cream cheese on artisanal style multigrain toast. $15.25 Fried Chicken Sandwich House-made crispy fried chicken breast, Park's aioli, honey hot sauce, shredded iceberg lettuce, pickle, and on a toasted brioche bun. $17.75 Parks and Rec Burger Served with six ounces hundred-percent griddle smashed beef patty, Park's aioli, shredded iceberg lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and on a toasted... $17.25 Grilled Chicken Wrap Grilled chicken breast, white balsamic dressed arugula and baby spinach, cherry tomatoes, roasted red peppers, pickled red onion, goat cheese, and in... $16.50 Miro's Reuben Marble rye, corned beef, maple cumin sauerkraut, and sambol island dressing. $17.25 Pulled Pork Sandwich slow roasted pork shoulder, parks BBQ sauce, dill pickles, served on a toasted pretzel bun and a small side of coleslaw $15.25 Entrees Macaroni and Cheese Cavatappi pasta with house-made three-cheese sauce topped with toasted breadcrumbs served. $15.25 House-Made Chicken Tenders Buttermilk battered of fried chicken tenders served with sriracha aioli, coleslaw, and fries. $17.25 Spicy Cauliflower Bowl Spicy cauliflower florets tossed in sweet chilli sauce, mango, pickled ginger, green onion, and edamame beans served on brown rice. $17.25 Fish and Chips Beer battered halibut fillet served with coleslaw and house-made tartar sauce. $20.75 Braised Beef Short Ribs Beer-braised beef short ribs, roasted leek mash, seasonal vegetables, and stout gravy. $29.75 Barbeque Pork Ribs Braised and grilled pork back ribs with smoky barbecue sauce and topped with roasted corn and red pepper salsa, french fries, and coleslaw. $23.75 Braised Lamb Braised lamb shank, roasted leek mash, seasonal vegetable, mint oil, and stout gravy. $29.25 Kids' Menu Kids' Macaroni and Cheese $8.25 Kids' Chicken Fingers Served with plum sauce & french fries $8.25 Kids' Chicken Wings Served with your choice of wing sauce or wing rub & french fries $8.25 Kids' Burger Topped with lettuce, tomato & served with french fries $8.25 Kids' Grilled Cheese Served with french fries. $8.25 Flatbread Baked fresh on rosemary and garlic flatbread. The Classic Served with blistered cherry tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, and basil pesto. $14.75 The Butcher Served with chorizo sausage, bacon, soppressata salami, kalamata olives, and blistered cherry tomatoes. $16.75 Dessert Churros Cinnamon and sugar churros with fresh whipped cream and maple caramel sauce. $8.25 Offer Chocolate Decadence Vegan friendly chocolate cake topped with chocolate frosting $8.25 Carrot Cake cream cheese frosting $8.25 NY Style Cheesecake Cheesecake served with your choice of caramel or chocolate sauce. Sold Out Add Ons Additional menu items to enhance your meal Side of Gravy 4 oz portion $2.00 Chicken 5 oz breast, add to nachos, salads, flatbreads $5.00 Guacamole 2 oz portion $2.00 Chorizo add to nachos $5.50 Extra Cheese cheddar & mozzarella blend $2.00 Parks' aioli House made dipping sauce $1.00 Sriracha aioli spicy dipping sauce $1.00 Upgrade Side Caesar Salad Romaine lettuce, bacon crisps, parmesan cheese, and seasoned croutons. $4.00 Sour Cream 4 oz portion $2.00 Pico de Gallo 4 oz portion $2.00 Side French Fries $5.50 Extra piece of Halibut Fish single piece of halibut fish, addition to fish & chip entree $12.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes