You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Picasso Pizza & Pasta 1492 Pillette Rd, Windsor, ON N8Y 3B9, Canada 8.6 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Salads Pasta Picasso Picasso's Sandwich Creations Wings Picasso Signature (XL) 16'inch Pizza Art Create your own Pizza Art Panzerotti's Art! Family Dinners Breads In Many Ways Desserts Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 944-4899 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item napkins add napkins See Item Appetizers 3 large Rice Balls (regular) Risotto stuffed with lean ground beef and mozzarella, drenched in our housemade meat sauce topped w\parmesan & parsley. $12.99 Picasso Mozorella Sticks (medium) 5 pieces of house made deep fried mozzarella sticks. Served with 2oz of our house made delicious marinara sauce. $8.99 Large cheesy Jalapeno Poppers (5 pcs) (Regular ) Best cheesy jalapenos poppers out there! One order comes with five pieces. $8.99 Large Deep fried Pickled Spears (6 pcs) (Regular) One order comes with six pieces. Comes with 2oz ranch dressing. $8.99 Meat Poutine Supreme (Regular) Mushrooms, onions smothered in mozerella cheese and gravy. Choose your choice of meat. $13.99 Poutine (large) large size fries smothered in mozzarella cheese and hot gravy. $11.00 Fries (medium) Medium container of fries. $6.99 Shrimp Arrabbiata (Regular) 8 pcs of shrimp sauted w/ olive oil, our house made marinara sauce and dried chili flakes. $13.99 Shrimp with Garlic butter (Regular) 8 pieces of our seasoned shrimp sauted with garlic and butter. $13.99 Large Shrimp in a Basket (8 pcs) (8 pieces ) Deep fried breaded butterfly shrimp. One order comes with 8 pieces. Served with sweet chili Thai sauce $13.99 Salads All salads are served with a side of dressing. Mediterranean Salad (regular) Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers served with balsamic dressing. $9.99 Regular Caesar Salad (regular) Lettuce, croutons, Parmesan cheese served with Caesar dressing. $9.00 Pasta Picasso Our Signature pastas are made fresh to order using the best ingredients. Picasso pasta sauces are made in house from scratch and slow simmered to perfection. **NEW** Lamb Chops and Pasta Dinner Two pieces of our deliciously marinated and grilled lamb chops (so good you may want to eat the bone). Served with your choice of pasta in our... $21.99 Picasso Signature Chicken Parmesan with Penne Marinara Pasta (28 oz serving tray) 1 piece of Picasso chicken parmesan smothered in marinara sauce and melted mozzarella cheese. Served with a penne pasta in our marinara sauce. Topped... $16.99 Veal Parmesana 2pcs Breaded veal covered in mozzarella cheese served with penne marinara pasta and topped with fresh parmesan and parsley flakes. $16.99 Eggplant Parmesana 3 pcs of eggplant smothered in melted mozzarella served with penne marinara pasta. Topped with fresh parmesan and parsley flakes. $14.99 Picasso signature Fettuccini Alfredo Fettuccini noodles smothered in our house made Alfredo sauce, topped with Parmesan cheese and parsley flakes. $14.99 Gnocchi in a Blush Meat Sauce Small potatoe dumplings made fresh and served in our house blush sauce. Topped with parmesan cheese and parsley flakes. $15.99 Lasagna Made fresh and layered with our house meat sauce and mozzarella cheese. Topped with fresh parmesan cheese $15.99 Spaghetti marinara Spaghetti tossed in our house marinara sauce nd topped with fresh parmesan and parsley flakes. $12.99 Penne marinara Penne with marinara sauce topped with Parmesan and parsley flakes $12.99 Family Dinner for 4 with Penne and chicken Parmesan (family size) Comes with one large tray of our penne marinara pasta, 4 pcs of Chicken Parmesan, one large tray of Cesar Salad, Garlic bread, and 4 pops. $70.00 Picasso's Sandwich Creations Comes with a side of fries Veggie Grilled mixed vegetables, topped with goat cheese on a toasted ciabatta bun. Comes with a side of fries. $11.99 Meatball Sandwich Our homemade meatballs are drenched in meat sauce and melted mozzarella on a toasted ciabatta bun. Served with a side of fries. $12.99 AAA Steak Sandwich AAA sirloin steak grilled to perfection. Comes with mushrooms, melted mozzarella, and roasted red peppers on a toasted ciabatta bun with a side of... $14.99 Pesto Chicken Sandwich Grilled chicken breast with melted mozzarella cheese, tomato, and homemade pesto on a toasted ciabatta bun. served with a side of fries. $13.99 Chicken Parmesan Sandwich Picasso chicken parmesan breast with melted mozzarella and drenched in our house marinara sauce and toasted on a ciabatta bun. $13.99 Wings Our wings our seasoned and battered in house and served with a dipping sauce. Battered Chicken Wings (1lb) (1 lb) Our in house battered and seasoned chicken wings are deep fried to golden perfection and served with your choice of dipping sauce. $13.99 Picasso garlic parmesan painted chicken wings (1 lb) Picasso's seasoned and battered chicken wings painted in our signature garlic parmesan. $13.99 Picasso Signature (XL) 16'inch Pizza Art Hand tossed and stone baked Picasso's signature pizza's. Stuffed crust Picasso 16'inch cheese pizza (16 inch) Picasso hand tossed stone baked 16" cheese pizza and made with our house pizza sauce. Each crust edge is curled up and stuffed with mozzarella cheese... $22.99 Mediterranean Inspired 16'inch pizza (16"inch) Hand tossed stone baked Mediterranean vegetarian pizza. Comes with Sundried tomatoes, roasted red peppers, Kalamata (black) olives, onions, and feta... $26.99 Picasso Meat Lovers Pizza 16" (XL) 16 "inch Pizza stone baked and decorated with 4 meat toppings. Dusted with Italian seasoning and garlic butter painted crust. $26.99 Creamy Chicken Cesar 16" Pizza (XL 16 inch) Made with creamy garlic sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, mushroom and green olives. Painted with garlic butter and fresh parmesan cheese. $25.99 Create your own Pizza Art XL 16inch or Medium 12inch hand tossed stone baked pizzas. Made with our signature house made marinara pizza sauce and the finest mozzarella cheese. 16" Large Cheese Pizza (16 inch) Hand tossed stone baked 16 inch pizza. Made with our signature house made marinara pizza sauce. $16.99 12" Medium cheese pizza (12 inch) Hand tossed stone baked 12 inch pizza. Made with our signature house marinara pizza sauce and the finest mozzarella cheese. $11.99 Panzerotti's Art! Stoned baked or deep fried panzerotti made with our in house marinara sauce. Creamy Chicken Caesar Panzerotti (12 inch) Delicious hand tossed and folded 12 inch panzerotti. Made with creamy sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, mushroom and green olives. Garlic butter and... $18.99 Picasso loves meat Panzerotti (12"inch) Hand tossed 12 inch panzerotti, decorated with 3 meats and folded over into a work of art. Smothered with garlic butter and parmesan. Choose from... $18.99 Mediterranean Inspired Panzerotti (12" inch) A vegetarians love of Panzerotti meets Picasso painted pizza fold. Made with roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, onion, Kalamata (black) olives, $18.99 Create your own 2 topping Panzerotti (12 inch) Delicious hand tossed and folded Picasso's Panzerotti. Stone Baked or deep fried with your choice of 2 toppings $16.99 Family Dinners Choose one of our family dinners to add value to your meal Family Dinner for 4 with Penne and chicken Parmesan (family size) Comes with one large tray of our penne marinara pasta, 4 pcs of Chicken Parmesan, one large tray of Cesar Salad, Garlic bread, and 4 pops. $70.00 Half Tray Lasagna Family Dinner (Family Size) A half Tray of our Lasagna layered and baked fresh to order. Comes with half tray of Cesar salad, garlic parmesan bread and 4 cans of pop. $55.00 Family Pizzza, Wings and Cheesy Bread Dinner. (Family) Comes with a 16" inch 2 topping pizza, 2 lbs of our battered chicken wings, Moon cheesy bread, and 4 cans of pop. $50.00 Breads In Many Ways Picasso Moon Cheesy Bread!! Stone baked Garlic bread with mozzarella, Parmesan and cheddar cheese. Served with 2oz Picasso marinara sauce. $9.99 Deep Fried Mini Garlic dough bites. Deep fried bread bites tossed in garlic butter and topped with fresh Parmesan cheese. Served with Picasso's 2 oz house made marinara sauce. $8.99 Focaccia Bread Garlic bread smothered in garlic butter and topped with olive oil and rosemary. Served with a 2oz Picasso marinara sauce. $6.99 Garlic Bread Garlic bread topped with Parmesan cheese served with our 2oz Picasso marinara sauce. $5.99 Desserts Picasso Cannoli Art (3 pcs) (3 pcs) House made Picasso's signature cannoli's. Painted with icing sugar and garnished with rich chocolate chips. $6.99 Nutella Pizza (10inch) Hand tossed stone baked bread, painted with Nutella. Drizzled with chocolate syrup and dusted with icing sugar. $11.99 Picasso Tiramisu Art! (Regular) Our signature House made goodness! $7.99 Cheesecake Marble cheesecake drizzled with carmel and chocolate sauce and dusted with chocolate chips. $6.99 Beverages Canned Pop $2.00 Pop (2 L) Sold Out Bottled Water $1.50 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes