You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Pizza Pizza 294 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, ON N9A 1A5, Canada 8.4 View Hours Create Your Own Meat Favourites Veggie Favourites Gourmet Thins Alternative Crusts Chicken Sandwiches Chicken Plant-Based Salads Panzerottis The Bread Basket Drinks Famous Dips Sweet Treats Apps & Sides Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), read what the restaurant has to say about allergies by visiting https://www.pizzapizza.ca/menu-faq/ before placing your order. Create Your Own Small Create your own pizza $8.49 Medium Create your own pizza $10.49 Large Create your own pizza $13.59 X-Large Create your own pizza $16.79 Meat Favourites Small Ultimate Pepperoni For a limited time only, get more pepperoni for the same price! Loaded crust to crust with our delicious New York style Pepperoni ¿ it's the ultimate... $10.24 Medium Ultimate Pepperoni For a limited time only, get more pepperoni for the same price! Loaded crust to crust with our delicious New York style Pepperoni ¿ it's the ultimate... $12.49 Large Ultimate Pepperoni For a limited time only, get more pepperoni for the same price! Loaded crust to crust with our delicious New York style Pepperoni ¿ it's the ultimate... $15.89 X-Large Ultimate Pepperoni For a limited time only, get more pepperoni for the same price! Loaded crust to crust with our delicious New York style Pepperoni ¿ it's the ultimate... $19.29 Small Pepperoni A classic fave. Tip: try it with a dip. $10.24 Medium Pepperoni A classic fave. Tip: try it with a dip. $12.49 Large Pepperoni A classic fave. Tip: try it with a dip. $15.89 X-Large Pepperoni A classic fave. Tip: try it with a dip. $19.29 Small Butter Chicken Silky smooth and tasty - This gourmet pizza includes a base butter chicken sauce, our signature butter chicken topping, hot banana peppers and red... $15.84 Medium Butter Chicken Silky smooth and tasty - This gourmet pizza includes a base butter chicken sauce, our signature butter chicken topping, hot banana peppers and red... $18.59 Large Butter Chicken Silky smooth and tasty - This gourmet pizza includes a base butter chicken sauce, our signature butter chicken topping, hot banana peppers and red... $22.59 X-Large Butter Chicken Silky smooth and tasty - This gourmet pizza includes a base butter chicken sauce, our signature butter chicken topping, hot banana peppers and red... $26.39 Small Chicken Shawarma This gourmet pizza features chicken shawarma, red onions, Roma tomatoes, mozzarella cheese & our famous Creamy Garlic sauce. $15.84 Medium Chicken Shawarma This gourmet pizza features chicken shawarma, red onions, Roma tomatoes, mozzarella cheese & our famous Creamy Garlic sauce. $18.59 Large Chicken Shawarma This gourmet pizza features chicken shawarma, red onions, Roma tomatoes, mozzarella cheese & our famous Creamy Garlic sauce. $22.59 X-Large Chicken Shawarma This gourmet pizza features chicken shawarma, red onions, Roma tomatoes, mozzarella cheese & our famous Creamy Garlic sauce. $26.39 Small Tropical Hawaiian Topped with pineapples, bacon crumble, bacon strips, and mozzarella cheese. $14.74 Medium Tropical Hawaiian Topped with pineapples, bacon crumble, bacon strips, and mozzarella cheese. $17.49 Large Tropical Hawaiian Topped with pineapples, bacon crumble, bacon strips, and mozzarella cheese. $21.49 X-Large Tropical Hawaiian Topped with pineapples, bacon crumble, bacon strips, and mozzarella cheese. $25.29 Small Meat Supreme Topped with classic pepperoni, bacon crumble, salami, spicy Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, and Italiano blend seasoning. For the meat-lover in... $15.49 Medium Meat Supreme Topped with classic pepperoni, bacon crumble, salami, spicy Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, and Italiano blend seasoning. For the meat-lover in... $18.49 Large Meat Supreme Topped with classic pepperoni, bacon crumble, salami, spicy Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, and Italiano blend seasoning. For the meat-lover in... $22.79 X-Large Meat Supreme Topped with classic pepperoni, bacon crumble, salami, spicy Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, and Italiano blend seasoning. For the meat-lover in... $26.79 Small Canadian Topped with classic pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, bacon crumble and mozzarella cheese. Made by a proudly Canadian company. Tip: Try with cheddar... $13.74 Medium Canadian Topped with classic pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, bacon crumble and mozzarella cheese. Made by a proudly Canadian company. Tip: Try with cheddar... $16.49 Large Canadian Topped with classic pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, bacon crumble and mozzarella cheese. Made by a proudly Canadian company. Tip: Try with cheddar... $20.49 X-Large Canadian Topped with classic pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, bacon crumble and mozzarella cheese. Made by a proudly Canadian company. Tip: Try with cheddar... $24.29 Small Classic Super Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese. $13.74 Medium Classic Super Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese. $16.49 Large Classic Super Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese. $20.49 X-Large Classic Super Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese. $24.29 Small Spicy BBQ Chicken Topped with grilled chicken, hot banana peppers, red onions, Texas BBQ sauce and mozzarella cheese. Tip: For extra heat add our Frank's Red Hot... $15.84 Medium Spicy BBQ Chicken Topped with grilled chicken, hot banana peppers, red onions, Texas BBQ sauce and mozzarella cheese. Tip: For extra heat add our Frank's Red Hot... $18.59 Large Spicy BBQ Chicken Topped with grilled chicken, hot banana peppers, red onions, Texas BBQ sauce and mozzarella cheese. Tip: For extra heat add our Frank's Red Hot... $22.59 X-Large Spicy BBQ Chicken Topped with grilled chicken, hot banana peppers, red onions, Texas BBQ sauce and mozzarella cheese. Tip: For extra heat add our Frank's Red Hot... $26.39 Small Chicken Bruschetta A Twist on Italian Taste - What can make bruschetta better? How about grilled chicken? Add roasted garlic, Italiano Blend Seasoning, parmesan and... $16.49 Medium Chicken Bruschetta A Twist on Italian Taste - What can make bruschetta better? How about grilled chicken? Add roasted garlic, Italiano Blend Seasoning, parmesan and... $19.49 Large Chicken Bruschetta A Twist on Italian Taste - What can make bruschetta better? How about grilled chicken? Add roasted garlic, Italiano Blend Seasoning, parmesan and... $23.79 X-Large Chicken Bruschetta A Twist on Italian Taste - What can make bruschetta better? How about grilled chicken? Add roasted garlic, Italiano Blend Seasoning, parmesan and... $27.79 Small Bacon Double Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. Pizza. Enough Said - Yeah, we did it. Crush two comfort-food classics in one, with ground beef, bacon crumble and six-cheese blend. Try... $13.14 Medium Bacon Double Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. Pizza. Enough Said - Yeah, we did it. Crush two comfort-food classics in one, with ground beef, bacon crumble and six-cheese blend. Try... $15.64 Large Bacon Double Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. Pizza. Enough Said - Yeah, we did it. Crush two comfort-food classics in one, with ground beef, bacon crumble and six-cheese blend. Try... $19.34 X-Large Bacon Double Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. Pizza. Enough Said - Yeah, we did it. Crush two comfort-food classics in one, with ground beef, bacon crumble and six-cheese blend. Try... $22.94 Small Sausage Mushroom Melt Made with creamy garlic sauce, spicy Italian sausage, fresh mushrooms, Italiano blend seasoning, and mozzarella cheese. Tip: Pair with classic or... $13.09 Medium Sausage Mushroom Melt Made with creamy garlic sauce, spicy Italian sausage, fresh mushrooms, Italiano blend seasoning, and mozzarella cheese. Tip: Pair with classic or... $15.59 Large Sausage Mushroom Melt Made with creamy garlic sauce, spicy Italian sausage, fresh mushrooms, Italiano blend seasoning, and mozzarella cheese. Tip: Pair with classic or... $19.29 X-Large Sausage Mushroom Melt Made with creamy garlic sauce, spicy Italian sausage, fresh mushrooms, Italiano blend seasoning, and mozzarella cheese. Tip: Pair with classic or... $22.89 Veggie Favourites Small Plant-Based Pepperoni Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Field Roast plant-based pepperoni. $10.24 Medium Plant-Based Pepperoni Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Field Roast plant-based pepperoni. $12.49 Large Plant-Based Pepperoni Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Field Roast plant-based pepperoni. $15.89 X-Large Plant-Based Pepperoni Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Field Roast plant-based pepperoni. $19.29 Small Creamy Garlic Our famous dipping sauce is now a pizza! It's packed with delicious creamy garlic flavour in every bite- starting with creamy garlic base sauce, $14.24 Medium Creamy Garlic Our famous dipping sauce is now a pizza! It's packed with delicious creamy garlic flavour in every bite- starting with creamy garlic base sauce, $16.74 Large Creamy Garlic Our famous dipping sauce is now a pizza! It's packed with delicious creamy garlic flavour in every bite- starting with creamy garlic base sauce, $20.44 X-Large Creamy Garlic Our famous dipping sauce is now a pizza! It's packed with delicious creamy garlic flavour in every bite- starting with creamy garlic base sauce, $24.04 Small Garden Veggie Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, roma tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese. $13.74 Medium Garden Veggie Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, roma tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese. $16.49 Large Garden Veggie Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, roma tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese. $20.49 X-Large Garden Veggie Made with fresh mushrooms, green peppers, roma tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese. $24.29 Small Mediterranean Vegetarian Topped with kalamata olives, broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese and mozzarella cheese. A healthy alternative. $17.24 Medium Mediterranean Vegetarian Topped with kalamata olives, broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese and mozzarella cheese. A healthy alternative. $20.49 Large Mediterranean Vegetarian Topped with kalamata olives, broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese and mozzarella cheese. A healthy alternative. $25.09 X-Large Mediterranean Vegetarian Topped with kalamata olives, broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese and mozzarella cheese. A healthy alternative. $29.29 Small Super Plant Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, plant-based pepperoni and plant-based chorizo crumble. Toppings contain gluten. $11.99 Medium Super Plant Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, plant-based pepperoni and plant-based chorizo crumble. Toppings contain gluten. $14.49 Large Super Plant Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, plant-based pepperoni and plant-based chorizo crumble. Toppings contain gluten. $18.19 X-Large Super Plant Topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, plant-based pepperoni and plant-based chorizo crumble. Toppings contain gluten. $21.79 Small Pesto Amore Whole grain crust, topped with spinach, fire roasted red peppers, red onions, Italiano blend seasoning, pesto sauce, goat cheese and mozzarella... $16.59 Medium Pesto Amore Whole grain crust, topped with spinach, fire roasted red peppers, red onions, Italiano blend seasoning, pesto sauce, goat cheese and mozzarella... $19.59 Large Pesto Amore Whole grain crust, topped with spinach, fire roasted red peppers, red onions, Italiano blend seasoning, pesto sauce, goat cheese and mozzarella... $23.89 X-Large Pesto Amore Whole grain crust, topped with spinach, fire roasted red peppers, red onions, Italiano blend seasoning, pesto sauce, goat cheese and mozzarella... $27.89 Gourmet Thins Gourmet Thin Pesto Amore Fall in love with pesto all over again with this 10" thin crust topped with spinach, red onions, fire roasted red peppers, goat cheese, mozzarella... $9.99 Gourmet Thin Chicken Bruschetta A delicious treat for one this personal-size 10" whole grain, thin crust features grilled chicken, roasted garlic, bruschetta, Italian homestyle... $9.99 Alternative Crusts Keto Crust Pizza Get your pizza fix with less carbs! Create your own by selecting any toppings of your choice. Made with certified Keto Uncrust. See About our Food... $16.09 Keto Protein Lovers Keto Uncrust, topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, bacon strips and italian sausage. 2 net carbs per slice. Available in... $18.29 Keto Pepperoni Keto Uncrust, topped with homestyle tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and pepperoni. 2 net carbs per slice. Available in Small only. $16.29 Keto Pesto Margherita Keto Uncrust, topped with pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, roma tomatoes and parmesan cheese. 3 net carbs per slice. Available in Small only. $17.29 Cauliflower Crust Pizza Sometimes we even impress ourselves. Pizza Pizza's Cauliflower Crust is gluten-free, vegan, contains two servings of vegetables, and tastes awesome! $15.29 Gluten Free Crust Pizza Enjoy all the amazing flavor you love without the one thing you don't. Our 100% Gluten-Free Crust is made with rice instead of wheat. Available in... $11.04 Chicken Sandwiches Big Buffalo Chicken Sandwich Our Chicken Sandwich is now available in Buffalo flavour with double the chicken! Two juicy breaded chicken breast, jalapeno havarti cheese, buffalo... $13.49 Buffalo Chicken Sandwich The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich features a juicy breaded chicken breast with jalapeno havarti cheese, buffalo sauce and banana peppers on a toasted bun... $8.74 Creamy Garlic Chicken Sandwich Your favourite Creamy Garlic Sauce is the hero of this Chicken Sandwich with breaded chicken breast and crunchy pickles on a toasted gold bun for... $7.99 Classic Chicken Sandwich Let's face it, it was only a matter of time. This addition to the Chicken Chicken menu features our delicious breaded chicken breast, creamy... $7.99 Spicy Sriracha Mayo Chicken Sandwich A Chicken Sandwich family wouldn't be complete without the spicy sibling. Delicious breaded chicken breast and crunchy pickles on a toasted gold bun, $7.99 Big Creamy Garlic Double Chicken Sandwich Our Chicken Sandwich is available in Creamy Garlic flavour with double the chicken! $13.24 Big Classic Double Chicken Sandwich Our Classic Chicken Sandwich is available with double the chicken! $13.24 Big Spicy Sriracha Mayo Double Chicken Sandwich Our Chicken Sandwich is available in Spicy Sriracha Mayo flavour with double the chicken! $13.24 Chicken 10 Wings Classic or crispy breaded? Mild or Hot? It's a wing-wing situation! (Sorry.) $15.49 20 Wings Classic or crispy breaded? Mild or Hot? It's a wing-wing situation! (Sorry.) $29.29 10 Chicken Bites Craving chicken? Grab a bite! The perfect morsel of juicy, all-white-meat chicken, served with the sauce of your choice. $15.49 20 Chicken Bites Craving chicken? Grab a bite! The perfect morsel of juicy, all-white-meat chicken, served with the sauce of your choice. $29.29 10 Gluten-Free Chicken Bites (baked) Boneless chunks of tender all-white meat, baked with a crispy, gluten-free breading. Served with your choice of dipping sauce. $15.49 20 Gluten-Free Chicken Bites (baked) Boneless chunks of tender all-white meat, baked with a crispy, gluten-free breading. Served with your choice of dipping sauce. $29.29 Plant-Based Plant-Based Buffalo Chick'n Sandwich The Plant-Based Buffalo Chick'n includes a flavourful Lightlife® Chick'n Filet, with a kick of buffalo sauce, banana peppers, and a crisped bun. $9.49 Spicy Plant-Based Chick'n Sandwich Our Spicy Plant-Based Chick'n Sandwich features a Lightlife® Chick'n Filet and crunchy pickles between a toasted gold bun, topped with our secret... $8.74 Plant-Based Chick'n Sandwich Our Plant-Based Chick'n Sandwich features a Lightlife® Chick'n Filet, crunchy pickles and creamy vegan mayonnaise on a toasted gold bun. Tastes like... $8.74 5 pc. Plant-Based Chick'n Bites Tastes like chicken, but without the chicken! The perfect morsel of juicy, plant-based chick'n served with the plant-based sauce of your choice. $7.24 10 pc. Plant-Based Chick'n Bites Tastes like chicken, but without the chicken! The perfect morsel of juicy, plant-based chick'n served with the plant-based sauce of your choice. $14.99 20 pc. Plant-Based Chick'n Bites Tastes like chicken, but without the chicken! The perfect morsel of juicy, plant-based chick'n served with the plant-based sauce of your choice. $28.29 Salads Caesar Salad Fresh crisp romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, and croutons. Comes with Caesar Dressing $7.79 Panzerottis Cheese Panzerotti This hot, fresh and crispy bundle of cheesy, saucy goodness is just waiting for you to rip into it. Don't forget the napkins! $8.49 Pepperoni Panzerotti This hot, fresh and crispy bundle of cheese, sauce and pepperoni is just waiting for you to rip into it. Don't forget the napkins! $8.49 Bacon Double Cheeseburger Panzerotti $10.59 Canadian Panzerotti $10.59 Hawaiian Panzerotti $10.59 Super Panzerotti $10.59 Veggie Panzerotti $10.59 The Bread Basket Garlic Bread Is there a more classically crushable side-dish to go with a hot pizza? We think not, sir. Tear off a chunk of our thick-cut, country-style bread, $5.69 Garlic Bread with cheese Yes, our garlic bread can actually get better. Thick-cut, country-style bread, topped with rich garlic butter and a six-cheese blend of melted... $6.69 Half Moon Cheesy Bread 10 inches of cheesy garlic goodness; made fresh to order with a six cheese blend and baked to perfection. $6.74 Drinks Bottle Pop Choose from a variety of Coke products. Available in 500 mL bottles. $2.59 Monster Original $4.29 Brio 355ml can $2.39 Bottled Water Dasani 591mL Bottled water $2.09 Nestea $2.59 Peace Tea Peach $2.79 Peace Tea Raspberry $2.79 Minute Maid Apple Juice $2.59 Minute Maid Orange Juice $2.59 Chocolate Milk Chocolate Milk $2.59 Famous Dips Dipping Sauce Want to amp up the flavour of your pizza even more? Dip your hot, fresh slice in one of our delicious sauces. We've got so many to choose from, the... $1.35 Sweet Treats Dessert Pizza Enjoy a delicious layer of Coffee Crisp® spread topped with Crushed Coffee Crisp®  on our famous pizza crust. $10.49 Funnel Cake Stix with Caramel Why wait for the midway? Get a whole lot of fairground fun, made to order.¿ Strips of delicious funnel cake topped with sugar and cinnamon. Includes... $8.39 Two-bite Brownies Got some choco-fanatics in the house? Add on an order of these seriously fudgy two-bite brownie bites. You'll thank us later. 10 pieces $5.99 Caramel Dip One not enough for you? Add-on an extra caramel dipping sauce with your Funnel Cake Stix. $1.45 Apps & Sides Poutine Our Crispy French fries covered in premium cheese curds and hot, delicious gravy. $6.99 Bacon Poutine Crispy Bacon strips placed on top of our crispy fries covered in premium cheese curds and hot, delicious gravy. $8.99 Jalapeno Poppers These spicy, comfort-food classics are fried to order and stuffed with zesty cream-cheese filling. And, of course, very poppable. Comes in order of 8. $7.44 Cauliflower Bites (Single) Lightly battered and fried cauliflower florets, served with your choice of dip on the side. $6.94 Cauliflower Bites (Double) Lightly battered and fried cauliflower florets, served with your choice of dip on the side. $11.64 Sauced Cauliflower Bites (Single) Lightly battered and fried cauliflower florets, tossed in your favourite sauce. $6.94 Sauced Cauliflower Bites (Double) Lightly battered and fried cauliflower florets, tossed in your favourite sauce. $11.64 Deep Fried Pickles Yes, you read that right. Deep-fried pickles. This tangy, pub-grub classic is available alongside your fave pizza! Comes in order of 10. $7.44 Single Fries Small box of golden brown fries cooked in trans fat free oil. $5.79 Double Fries Feel like fries with that pizza? Not a problem. It's all about you!¿ Enjoy a box of hot, crispy fries cooked in trans-fat-free oil. $7.79 Single Sweet Potato Fries Want a different take on fries? These sweet and savoury favourites feature ripened sweet potatoes, cut into plank-style strips and cooked fresh in... $6.59 Double Sweet Potato Fries Want a different take on fries? These sweet and savoury favourites feature ripened sweet potatoes, cut into plank-style strips and cooked fresh in... $8.59 Single Potato Wedges Small box of potato wedges seasoned with a delicious blend of herbs and spices. $5.79 Double Potato Wedges Large box of potato wedges seasoned with a delicious blend of herbs and spices. $7.74 Single Onion Rings Small box of delicate golden onion rings cooked in trans fat free oil. $6.29 Double Onion Rings Hungry? Put a ring on it! Enjoy our golden, crispy onion rings cooked in trans-fat-free oil. $8.29 Single bag of Chips Grab a crunch side for your hot, fresh slice. Your choice of three small bags of chips. $1.69 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes