You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Plant Joy 5622 Wyandotte St E, Windsor, ON N8S 1M1, Canada 8.8 View Hours Community Support Locally Made Goodies Doughnuts Other Modifications Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 246-7196 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Locally Made Goodies Handmade goodies from locally-owned businesses. "You Are the Icing on My Doughnut" Card (Pocket Squares) Pocket Squares Paper is a small-batch, woman-owned company that makes planners, greeting cards, calendars, and subject-specific journals. $6.00 "You Complete Me" Card (Paper Hearts) Send a card to that special someone! From their website: "At Paper Hearts™, we heart-make note cards and other whimsical treasures with love, care, $6.00 Doughnuts Strawberries and Cream Doughnut Doughnut topped with organic strawberry frosting and whipped cream. $6.78 Birthday Cake Doughnut filled with funfetti frosting and topped with a naturally-coloured blue frosting and sprinkles. $6.78 Vanilla Sprinkle Doughnut Doughnut topped with a whipped vanilla frosting and dunked in naturally-coloured sprinkles. Sprinkle colours may vary. $6.78 Cookies N Creme Doughnut Doughnut topped with whipped vanilla frosting and housemade chocolate cookies. $6.78 Raspberry Dip Doughnut $5.65 Chocolate Dough Glazed Doughnut Chocolate doughnut, glazed while hot. Sold Out Apple Fritter Fritter made with organic cinnamon and chunks of honey crisp apples and glazed while hot. $5.65 Lemon Lavender Doughnut Doughnut topped with a tart lemon glaze and sprinkled with organic lavender. $6.78 Cinnamon Sugar Doughnut Doughnut tossed in organic cane sugar and cinnamon. $4.52 Maple Dip Doughnut Doughnut topped with an organic maple syrup dip. $5.65 Chocolate Dip Doughnut Doughnut topped with a rich organic chocolate dip. $5.65 Maple Bacon Doughnut Doughnut topped with organic maple glaze and a sprinkle of locally-made vegan coconut bacon. $6.78 Glazed Doughnut Doughnut glazed while hot in an organic sugar glaze. $4.52 Other Modifications Extra Box Please choose this item and let Plant Joy know in the notes if you would like your order boxed up in separate boxes! Otherwise, Plant Joy will box... $0.50 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes