You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Rasoi 12150 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8N 1L9, Canada 7.2 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Wraps Main Dishes Rice Breads Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 975-2633 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Vegetarian Samosa (1 pc) Savory pastry filled with potatoes and peas. Served with your choice of either Rasoi's special tamarind or spicy chutney. One order comes in one... $1.50 Aloo Tikki (2 pcs) Two patties made with boiled potatoes, peas, and spices. One order comes with two pieces. $1.50 Samosa Chaat A savory samosa base topped off with chickpeas, chutney, chopped onion, and parsley. $7.50 Papdi Chaat Crispy, sweet, spicy, and tangy chaat that packs a whole lot of flavor. $7.50 Wraps Chicken Tikka Wrap Rasoi's signature wrap. Chicken tikka fused with your choice of green peppers, red peppers, yellow peppers, lettuce, and onions. Drizzled with... $12.99 Main Dishes Butter Chicken Golden chicken pieces in an incredible creamy curry sauce. Each order comes with a side of cumin rice or naan. $15.99 Chana Masala Made with raw chickpeas that have been soaked overnight and cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices. Each order comes with a side of cumin rice. $12.99 Pav Bhaji Famous vegetable dish made with beautiful vegetable mash garnished with coriander, chopped onion, and two lightly toasted dinner rolls. $12.99 Cauliflower Crunchy cauliflower, cooked in olive oil, herbs, and spices. Each order comes with a side of garlic naan or cumin rice. $12.99 Paneer and Peas Creamy and luscious masala made with paneer and peas. Each order comes with a side of garlic naan or cumin rice. $12.99 Meatless Tacos (Hard) Two hard meatless tacos. $7.00 Chicken Tacos (Hard) Two hard chicken tacos. $8.00 Chicken Tacos (Soft) Two soft chicken tacos. $8.00 Meatless Tacos (Soft) Two soft meatless tacos. $7.00 Butter Chicken Poutine Fresh cut fries topped up with our famous Butter Chicken $12.99 Rice Mixed Vegetable Rice Prepared with an assortment of spices, and vegetables. $6.50 Plain Rice $4.00 Cumin Rice Fluffy, and perfectly cooked rice with cumin flavour. $6.00 Breads Garlic Naan Extra soft flatbread made with flour, salt, olive oil, and garlic. $3.00 Naan Traditional flatbread made with flour, salt, and olive oil. $2.50 Beverages Canned Pop $1.50 Bottled Water $1.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes