You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Riso Kitchen 33 Amy Croft Dr, Windsor, ON N9K 1C7, Canada 9.4 View Hours Community Support Riso's Appetizers Salads Chicken Riso Sandwiches Signature Pizzas Build Your Own Wraps Desserts Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 735-0090 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Riso's Appetizers Gluten-free. Cajun Beef Tips Gluten-free. Beef tenderloin delicately marinated with a cajun rub and a side of Riso Kitchen's chipotle. $17.95 Sweet Potato Fries Gluten-free. Sweet potato fries, baked to perfection with Riso's Chipotle sauce on the side. $6.95 Creamy Coleslaw Gluten-free. House-made vinaigrette coleslaw. $6.95 Cheesy Bread Gluten-free. Slices of pizza bread with garlic butter and mozzarella cheese. $10.95 Spinach and Artichoke Dip Gluten-free. Focaccia and a side of spinach dip. $12.95 Garlic Bread Gluten-free bread toasted with garlic butter. $7.95 Bruschetta Gluten-free. Focaccia with bruschetta tomatoes. $11.95 Fresh Cut Fries Gluten-free $4.95 Salads Gluten-free. Small House Salad Gluten-free. Mixed greens, cucumbers, red onions, and tomatoes. $7.95 Small Greek Salad Gluten-free. Romaine lettuce, red onions, cucumbers, black olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese. $8.95 Small Caesar Salad Gluten-free. Romaine lettuce, gluten-free croutons, and Parmesan cheese. $7.95 Small Cranberry Goat Cheese Salad Gluten-free. Mixed spring greens, dried cranberries, candied walnuts, and goat cheese. $8.95 Large House Salad Gluten-free. Mixed greens, cucumbers, red onions, and tomatoes. $9.95 Large Greek Salad Gluten-free. Romaine lettuce, red onions, cucumbers, black olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese. $10.95 Large Caesar Salad Gluten-free. Romaine lettuce, gluten-free croutons, and Parmesan cheese. $9.95 Large Cranberry Goat Cheese Salad Gluten-free. Mixed spring greens, dried cranberries, candied walnuts, and goat cheese. $10.95 Chicken Gluten-free. Dusted Chicken Wings (8 pcs) Gluten-free. One order comes with eight wings with your choice of flavour. $12.95 Dusted Chicken Wings (16 pcs) Gluten-free. One order comes with sixteen wings with your choice of flavour. $22.95 Dusted Chicken Wings (24 pcs) Gluten-free. One order comes with twenty-four wings with your choice of flavour. $31.95 Chicken Strips (4 pcs) Gluten-free. House-made chicken strips with French fries. One order comes with four pieces with your choice of sauce. $12.95 Chicken Strips (6 pcs) Gluten-free. House-made chicken strips with French fries. One order comes with six pieces with your choice of sauce. $16.95 Chicken Quesadilla Sauteed onions, green peppers, red peppers, chicken, and topped with shredded cheese. $12.95 Riso Sandwiches All sandwiches are made on Riso Kitchen's oven-toasted, gluten-free bread. Italian Sandwich Gluten-free. Genoa salami, roasted ham, prosciutto, provolone cheese, with caramelized onion, and a roasted red pepper aioli sauce. $11.00 Turkey Sandwich Gluten-free. Thin-sliced roasted turkey, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, and chipotle mayonnaise. $11.00 Grilled Veg with Goat Cheese Sandwich Gluten-free. A blend of mushrooms, zucchini and roasted red peppers topped with goat cheese, and creamy garlic. $11.00 BLT Sandwich Gluten-free. Smoked bacon, mozzarella cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayonnaise. $11.00 Crispy Chicken Sandwich Crispy chicken, creamy coleslaw, pickles, chipotle sauce and French fries. $15.95 Signature Pizzas All pizzas are gluten-free. The Deluxe Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, bacon, mushroom, and green peppers. $17.00 Venetian Pizza Gluten-free. Olive oil, garlic, mozzarella cheese, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke, feta cheese, and oregano. $19.00 Spicy Italian Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, spicy Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, chilli flakes, and prosciutto. $19.00 Caribbean Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, ham, pineapple, spicy sausage, and caramelized onions. $18.00 Greek Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted red peppers, caramelized red onions, black olives, and feta cheese. $20.50 Four Cheese Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, feta cheese, Asiago cheese, and Parmesan cheese. $17.50 Margherita Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, Parmesan cheese, and fresh basil. $15.50 Chicken Bruschetta Pizza Gluten-free. Olive oil, garlic, mozzarella cheese, seasoned chicken, bruschetta tomatoes, and Parmesan cheese. $17.00 Grilled Veggie Pizza Gluten-free. Pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, zucchini, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese. $18.50 BBQ Chicken Pizza Gluten-free. Barbeque sauce, mozzarella cheese, seasoned chicken, and caramelized onions. $16.00 Riso Pizza Gluten-free. Pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, roasted red peppers, red onion, black olives, and seasoned chicken. $19.00 Build Your Own All pizzas are gluten-free. Small Build Your Own Pizza Gluten-free. One order comes with your choice of cheese and sauces. $13.00 Large Build Your Own Pizza Gluten-free. One order comes with your choice of cheese and sauces. $17.00 Wraps Chicken Caesar Wrap Romaine lettuce, asiago cheese, chicken, and Caesar dressing. $8.00 Greek Chicken Wrap Romaine lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, black olives, and feta. Topped with creamy garlic and Greek dressings. $9.00 Desserts Nutella Pizza Gluten-free. $10.95 Drinks Pop Shoppe $2.75 Water Bottle $1.75 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes