You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Royal Paan 255 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, ON N9A 4H9, Canada 7.4 View Hours Community Support Place Settings The Paan Bar The Chaat Bar The Street Food Bar The Sandwich Bar In-Store Specials The Milk Bar The Beverage Bar Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 457-7222 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item The Paan Bar Choose from a variety of authentic paans. Calcutta Mitha Paan Sweet fennel seeds, sugar coated fennel seeds, dates, preserved rose petals, coconut, and sweet fruit syrups, wrapped in a betel leaf. $3.00 Bombay Sada Khushbu A savoury betel leaf topped with exotic nuts, fennel seeds, cardamom, exotic spices, and fragrant chutneys. $3.00 Chocolate Dry Fruit Paan Sweet fennel seeds, sugar coated fennel seeds, dates, preserved rose petals, coconut, and sweet fruit syrups, wrapped in a betel leaf and coated with... $5.00 Fruit Flavoured Paan Enjoy your favourite fruit flavoured paan wrapped in a savoury betel leaf. $4.00 Kashmiri Mitha Paan Areca nut, sweet fennel seeds, sugar coated fennel seeds, dates, preserved rose petals, coconut, and poppy seed flavoured syrup, wrapped in a betel... $4.00 Milan Mitha Masala Areca nut, sweet fennel seeds, sugar coated fennel seeds, dates, preserved rose petals, coconut, and fruit syrups, wrapped in a betel leaf. $4.00 Gulabi Mogra Masala Areca nut, sweet fennel seeds, sugar coated fennel seeds, dates, preserved rose petals, coconut, and jasmine flower and rose syrup, wrapped in a... $4.00 The Chaat Bar Enjoy these savoury snacks. Samosa Chaat Potato and pea filled triangles, crushed, and topped with chickpeas, whipped yogurt, onions, tomatoes, sweet tamarind sauce, and hot chutney. $8.00 Bhel Puri Savoury snack made from puffed rice, masala peanuts, red onions, potatoes, green mangoes, and tomatoes, generously coated with sweet tamarind sauce... $8.00 Paani Puri Crisp-fried sphere's filled with ragda, authentic spiced water, and a hint of sweet tamarind chutneys. $8.00 Delhi Chaat Papdi Deep-fried semolina wafers topped with seasoned yogurt, tamarind and chilli sauces, boiled potatoes, and chopped onions. $8.00 Aaloo Tikki Chaat Delhi-style potato patties topped with channa, chopped onions, sweet tamarind sauce, whipped yogurt, and hot coriander chutney. $8.00 Sev Batata Puri Flat golden crisps topped with potatoes, red onions, tomatoes, masala peanuts, sev, sweet tamarind sauce, and hot coriander chutney. $8.00 Dahi Kachori Puri A golden fried snack loaded with potatoes and ragda, topped with whipped yogurt, sev, sweet tamarind sauce, and hot coriander chutney. $8.00 Stuffed Kulcha Channa Kulcha bread filled with channa, chopped onions, tomatoes, ginger slivers, green chillies, and lemon juice, served stuffed or on the side. $8.00 The Street Food Bar The best of India's street foods! Masala Fries Crispy potato fries sprinkled with chat masala, topped with sweet tamarind sauce and hot coriander chutney. $6.00 Pav Bhaji (2 pcs of Pav) Thick vegetable curry prepared in butter and served with a soft bread roll. $9.00 Bombay Burger Grilled aloo tikki in a bun, topped with chickpeas, tomatoes, onions, and a house herb dressing. $7.00 Paneer Burger Pan grilled paneer patty in a bun, topped with a house-made herb dressing. $8.00 Bombay Vada Pav (2 pcs) Potato fritters seasoned with house spices and served with a sweetened bread. $8.00 The Sandwich Bar Sandwiches full of flavour. Bombay Grill Sandwich Seasoned potatoes, green and red peppers, onions, and cucumber, served on whole wheat bread. $9.00 Paneer Kathi Roll Tangy saucy paneer sauteed with onions and vegetables, wrapped in a kathi roll, served with sweet tamarind sauce and hot coriander chutney. $10.00 Paneer Sandwich A tangy and saucy paneer filling served on whole wheat bread, topped with ketchup and hot coriander chutney. $8.00 Grilled Cheese Sandwich A classic grilled cheese sandwich with your choice to add Royal Paan's house-made green chutney, served on whole wheat bread. $6.00 In-Store Specials Enjoy one of Royal Paan's delicious in-store specials! Gulab Jamun with Rabri Tasty hot gulab jamun topped with house-made rabri, garnished with savoury pistachios and almonds. $5.00 Noodle Burger Grilled hakka-style tikki burger in a bun, topped with hakka chow mein noodles, and served with szechuan sauce. $8.00 Aaloo Tikki Wrap Delhi-style potato patties wrapped in a paratha bread with channa, chopped onions, sweet tamarind sauce, whipped yogurt, and hot coriander chutney. $8.00 Hot Aaloo Chaat Hot-cooked potatoes smeared in chutneys, onions, and green mango, garnished with sev. $6.00 Dahi Bhallay Lentil fritters soaked in delicious whipped yogurt, topped with sweet tamarind sauce and hot coriander chutney. $6.00 The Milk Bar Delicious and filling milk-based beverages. Royal Falooda (12 oz) A mish mash (falooda) of your choice of ice cream, basil seeds, vermicelli noodles, and rose syrup, with almonds and pistachios. $7.00 Royal Shakes (12 oz) Flavourful milkshakes. $6.00 Royal Lassi (12 oz) A thirst quenching yogurt drink made in flavour of your choice. $6.00 Royal Kulfi Falooda (12 oz) Delicious falooda with kulfi, rabri, sev, and nuts, topped with rose, poppy seeds, and almond syrups. $9.00 Nescafe Coffee (10 oz) Indian-style frothy coffee with lots of milk. $3.00 Masala Chai (10 oz) Classic masala chai. $3.00 Royal Kashmiri Chai (10 oz) Rose flavoured green tea made in thickened milk, garnished with almonds and pistachios. $4.00 The Beverage Bar Add a refreshing beverage to your meal. Fresh Lemonade (12 oz) Refreshing lemonade made from freshly squeezed lemon. $5.00 Masala Soda (12 oz) A tasty mix of lemon, soda, and house seasoning spices. $5.00 Canned Pop (12 oz) Complement your meal with a canned pop. $2.00 Bottled Water (500 ml) The original thirst quencher. $2.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes