You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Sam Street Food 1030 Walker Rd, Windsor, ON N8Y 2N5, Canada 9.3 View Hours Free 8 Ounces of Ice-cream in a cup with orders $35+ Place Settings Sandwich Ice Cream Crepes Waffles Asian Specials Mediterranean Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 745-1423 before placing your order. Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Sandwich Cold cut or in the panini press on a bun of your choice. Grilled Yolk and Cheese Sandwich Grilled egg yolk on one side of the sandwich with your choice of cheese and sauce. $7.99 Grilled Cheese Sandwitch Grilled toast with your choice of cheese and sauce $6.99 Ice Cream Cone $2.99 Ice Cream - Bowl $4.99 8 Ounces of Ice-cream in a cup Choose one or more of our Ice-cream flavours and add it to the instruction section $4.99 Offer Milkshake (10 Icecream flavour) Handspun milkshake of real milk and your choice of Ice-cream in a 16 oz cup. $6.99 Crepes Crepes can be sweet or savoury all crepes served with a choice of sauce. Sweet Crepe (Start From) $4.99 Vegetarian Chinese Crepe Grilled Egg on blanket of Chinese Crepe batter filled with shredded cabbage, fresh tomato, cucumber, lettuce and, topped with melted mozzarella , $10.99 Chinese CREPE (煎饼果子) Chinese crepe: flour, egg, veggies, fried dough on a blanket of jianbing sauce with choice of one meat, and one cheese. Add more for an extra charge. $10.99 Syrian Crepe (تماري كعك) The (tamari ka'ak). Is made of thin crepe topped with date molasses, tahini,, icing sugar, roasted sesame and banana $7.99 Waffles Belgian waffle made of mixed flours and may contain milk, eggs, vanilla, oil, butter, salt, and sugar. Sweet Waffle (Start From) Any topping with whipped and ice creams with your choice of sweet sauce. $5.99 Asian Specials Asian street food like Chinse, Japanese, and Korean, etc. Chinese CREPE (煎饼果子) Chinese crepe: flour, egg, veggies, fried dough on a blanket of jianbing sauce with choice of one meat, and one cheese. Add more for an extra charge. $10.99 Vegetarian Chinese Crepe Grilled Egg on blanket of Chinese Crepe batter filled with shredded cabbage, fresh tomato, cucumber, lettuce and, topped with melted mozzarella , $10.99 Two Chinese Burgers (鸡蛋汉堡) It's an amazing, English muffin-like but it's made by special Chinese grill. Filled with egg and with your choice of meat (pick one: ground chicken). $9.99 Osaka Japanese Pancake (お好み焼き) Mix of OkonomiYaki batter, cabbage , topped with grilled bacon or choice of ONE meat , garnished with dry shaved tuna flakes & dry seaweed. $11.99 Hiroshima Japanese Pancake (お好み焼き) OkonomiYaki batter, topped with layers of grilled cabbage, BACON (OR choice of ONE meat) and SHRIMP, noodles and egg, garnished with dry shaved tuna... $16.99 Double Korean Toast (한국 토스트) Mix of grilled Cabbage, Carrot, Green Onion and Egg on toasted bread with choice of ONE meat and cheese garnished with sugar and ketchup and fresh... $9.99 Triple Korean Toast (한국 토스트) Mix of grilled Cabbage, Carrot, Green Onion and Egg on three toasted bread with choice of ONE meat and cheese garnished with sugar and ketchup and... $11.99 Wonton Soup (12 pcs) (馄饨汤) Home made wonton wraps filled by mix of pork, cabbage, green onion ginger, sesame oil and tossed in chicken broth and garnished with green onion, $9.99 Dumplings 10 pcs (饺子) Minimum order of 10. Homemade made Dumplings wraps filled by mix of pork, cabbage, green onion ginger, sesame oil with side of dumpling sauce $10.99 Mediterranean Baba Ghanoush (Babaghanouj) Roasted eggplant ?, tahini, garlic $5.50 Baked Pita Crackers Baked pita chips and crisped to perfection $5.00 Hummus Chick peas, tahini, garlic, olive oil $5.50 Hummus Garlic Chick peas, tahini, garlic, olive oil $5.50 Hummus Jalapeno Chick peas, Roasted sweet red peppers?️ and jalapeno, tahini, garlic, olive oil $5.50 Yalanji (6 pcs Min) Is an appetizer, made with grape leaves stuffed with rice and a variety of vegetables that is served as a cold appetizer. $6.00 Tabouli It's a great fresh salad made of finely chopped parsley, with tomatoes, onion, bulgur (soaked, not cooked), and seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, $7.50 Drinks Vernors The original Ginger Soda $2.00 Diet Coke $1.50 Sprite $1.50 Canada Dry $1.50 Dr.Pepper $1.50 Crush Orange $1.50 Water Bottle $1.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes