You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Sam's Pizzeria and Cantina 2215 Wyandotte St W, Windsor, ON N9B 1K2, Canada 9.7 View Hours This restaurant manages its own delivery. Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Appetizers Soups Salads (Small) Salads (Large) Baby Pizzas Small Pizzas Medium Pizzas Large Pizzas X-Large Pizzas Personal Thin Crust Pizzas Create Your Own Pizzas Grilled Focaccia Panzerotti Create Your Own Entrees Pasta Beverages Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 256-7267 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Traditional starters. Antipasto for Two Fire roasted eggplant, red peppers, prosciutto, and bocconcini cheese, served on a bed of fresh Romaine lettuce and Italian bread. $18.09 Bruschetta (Regular) Sam's homemade Italian bread with garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, and spices. $10.79 Garlic Bread (Regular) Fresh Italian bread, toasted with garlic butter. $7.35 Deep-Fried Pickles (4 pcs) Four deep-fried pickles served with a side of ranch dressing. $7.99 Large Pizza Slices with Meat $4.69 Large Pizza Slices with Vegetables $4.69 Fries $6.69 Rice Balls Italian seasoned rice balls topped with meat sauce. $13.20 Soups Homemade Italian style. All soups served with fresh Italian bread. Stracciatella Parmesan cheese and egg drop combined in homemade chicken broth. $7.90 Mama's Minestrone Savoury Italian vegetable soup in a tomato broth. $7.90 Chili Traditional bean, meat, and veggie combination. $9.35 Salads (Small) Caesar Salad (Small) $9.30 Greek Salad (Small) Mixed greens with zesty feta cheese and Kalamata olives. $8.99 Tossed Salad (Small) Mixed greens in an olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. $8.50 Salads (Large) Caesar Salad (Large) $11.90 Greek Salad (Large) Mixed greens with zesty feta cheese and Kalamata olives. $11.80 Tossed Salad (Large) Mixed greens in an olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. $10.99 Baby Pizzas Six slices. Windsor's original traditional pizzas. Baby The Sam's Special Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, ham, bacon, mushrooms, and green peppers. $17.50 Baby The Samantha Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, black olives, fresh tomatoes, and green peppers. $16.44 Baby The Son of Sam Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. $17.50 Baby The S.P.C. Classic Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, and anchovies. $17.50 Baby Honey Mustard Chicken Pizza Honey mustard sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, fresh mushrooms, and red onions. $17.50 Baby The Mexican Pizza Salsa, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, sour cream, green onions, and black olives. $17.50 Small Pizzas Eight slices. Windsor's original traditional pizzas. Small The Sam's Special Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, ham, bacon, mushrooms, and green peppers. $22.25 Small The Samantha Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, black olives, fresh tomatoes, and green peppers. $21.27 Small The Son of Sam Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. $22.25 Small The S.P.C. Classic Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, and anchovies. $20.01 Small Honey Mustard Chicken Pizza Honey mustard sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, fresh mushrooms, and red onions. $22.25 Small The Mexican Pizza Salsa, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, sour cream, green onions, and black olives. $22.25 Medium Pizzas Twelve slices. Windsor's original traditional pizzas. Medium The Sam's Special Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, ham, bacon, mushrooms, and green peppers. $27.21 Medium The Samantha Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, black olives, fresh tomatoes, and green peppers. $25.87 Medium The Son of Sam Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. $27.21 Medium The S.P.C. Classic Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, and anchovies. $24.82 Medium Honey Mustard Chicken Pizza Honey mustard sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, fresh mushrooms, and red onions. $27.21 Medium The Mexican Pizza Salsa, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, sour cream, green onions, and black olives. $27.21 Large Pizzas Sixteen slices. Windsor's original traditional pizzas. Large The Sam's Special Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, ham, bacon, mushrooms, and green peppers. $30.88 Large The Samantha Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, black olives, fresh tomatoes, and green peppers. $29.49 Large The Son of Sam Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. $30.88 Large The S.P.C. Classic Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, and anchovies. $29.99 Large Honey Mustard Chicken Pizza Honey mustard sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, fresh mushrooms, and red onions. $30.88 Large The Mexican Pizza Salsa, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, sour cream, green onions, and black olives. $30.88 X-Large Pizzas Twenty slices. Windsor's original traditional pizzas. X-Large The Sam's Special Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, ham, bacon, mushrooms, and green peppers. $37.68 X-Large The Samantha Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, black olives, fresh tomatoes, and green peppers. $33.95 X-Large The Son of Sam Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and onions. $37.68 X-Large The S.P.C. Classic Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, and anchovies. $32.73 X-Large Honey Mustard Chicken Pizza Honey mustard sauce, mozzarella cheese, chicken, fresh mushrooms, and red onions. $37.68 X-Large The Mexican Pizza Salsa, cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, sour cream, green onions, and black olives. $37.68 Personal Thin Crust Pizzas Serving Windsor the best since 1946. Alla Margherita Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, and fresh tomatoes. $13.34 Al Giardino Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh mushrooms, asparagus, and roasted red peppers. $19.47 Al Mediterraneo Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh tomatoes, green peppers, black olives, and feta cheese. $18.21 Alla Francese Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh mushrooms, fresh garlic, and escargot. $18.05 All Quattro Staggioni Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, ham, green peas, black olives, and artichokes. $18.21 Con Verdura Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, and roasted red peppers. $19.47 Al Pescatore Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh garlic, shrimp, scallops, and calamari. $22.25 All' Arrabiatta Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh mushrooms, pepperoni, hot banana peppers, and chili peppers. $16.66 Bianco Pizza Olive oil and fresh herbs, sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. $15.00 Nutella Pizza $17.31 Create Your Own Pizzas Start with base and add toppings of your choice. Thin Crust Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $12.56 Baby Traditional Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $12.27 Small Traditional Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $16.95 Medium Traditional Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $21.68 Large Traditional Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $25.80 Gluten-Friendly Crust Pizza Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $12.56 Grilled Focaccia Delicious, crunchy flatbread sandwich. As popular as its Northern cousin 'pizza'. Al Mediterraneo Focaccia Mozzarella cheese, lettuce, feta cheese, black olives, and green peppers. $12.09 All Papa Angelo Parmesan cheese, zucchini, roasted red peppers, and pesto. $12.47 Mama Teresa Eggplant, zucchini, tomatoes, onions, and green peppers. $12.47 Alla Del Mondo Eggplant, roasted red peppers, artichokes, and onions. $12.92 Alla Nicola Prosciutto, bocconcini cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, and oregano. $12.92 Alla Lexa Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, green peppers, and black olives. $11.22 Alla Tutti Salami, mozzarella cheese, and marinated vegetables. $11.87 Alla Luna Italian sausage, pepperoni, tomato sauce, and mozzarella cheese. $12.90 Alla Sistina Calamari, scallops, fresh garlic, olive oil, basil, and mozzarella cheese. $13.65 Alla Calabria Shrimp, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh garlic, and mozzarella cheese. $13.65 Panzerotti Best inside-out. Made to order, baked or deep-fried. Remember you can also create your own. Sam's Incredible Panzerotti Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and green peppers. $14.99 Create Your Own Start with base and add toppings of your choice. Focaccia $5.25 Panzerotti Tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. $11.48 Entrees Pizza Burger Hand-made seasoned beef patty topped with pepperoni, mushrooms, and mozzarella cheese. Your choice of fries or salad or create your own. $13.99 Chicken Parm Garden salad or pasta of your choice. $21.95 Pasta Favourite dishes from back home. All pasta served with salad and fresh Italian bread. Tortellini Alla Panna Cheese filled tortellini in a classic sauce with prosciutto, peas, fresh garlic, and Parmesan cheese. $24.28 Penne Arrabiata Fresh garlic and chilli peppers in a delicious meat sauce. $19.99 Fettuccine Pesto Fettuccine tossed with fresh mushrooms and diced tomatoes in garlic pesto sauce. $22.83 Linguine Con Verdura Fire roasted red peppers and pesto in blush cream sauce. $22.83 Fettuccine Alfredo Fettuccine with Parmesan in a white cream sauce. $22.83 Manicotti Al Pomodoro Fresh pasta noodles smothered in ricotta cheese, baked with fresh tomato sauce and mozzarella. $19.78 Linguine Di Mare A fresh assortment of calamari scallops and shrimp in a savoury garlic, white wine, and cream sauce. $25.88 Lasagna Layered pasta stuffed with mozzarella cheese covered in Sam's meat sauce. $19.99 Penne Mattano An assortment of seasonal fresh vegetables in a light fresh tomato sauce. $19.78 Beverages Pop (Can) $1.99 Mineral Water $1.99 Apple Juice $1.99 Fruit Punch $1.99 Iced Tea $1.99 Lemonade $2.70 Arizona Iced Tea $2.40 Janes Orange $2.40 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes