You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Sandwich and Kabsa Hub 3214 Sandwich St, Windsor, ON N9C 1A8, Canada 8.8 View Hours Free 12" Vegetarian Burrito with orders $35+ Community Support Place Settings Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters Arabian Shawarma 9" Sub Sandwiches 12" Tortilla Burritos BBQ Grilled Chicken Meal Quesadilla Mexican Style Bowl Crunch Wraps Ultimate Mixed Platter Round up Your Meal Extras Small Bites Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 254-7171 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters All Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters are served with Flavorful basmati kabsa rice, Fire-Roasted Veggies, Fresh Salads, black beans, and your choice of Protein. Regular BBQ Grilled Leg & Thigh Chicken Kabsa Rice-Salad Platter Served with Flavorful basmati rice, fire-roasted veggies, black beans, salad, and BBQ Grilled Leg & Thigh Chicken. $15.28 BBQ Grilled Half Chicken Kabsa Platter Served with Flavorful basmati rice, fire-roasted veggies, black beans, salad, and Bbq Grilled Half of Chicken. $25.99 Regular Slow-Cooked Beef Kabsa Rice-Salad Platter Served with Flavorful basmati rice, fire-roasted veggies, black beans, salad, and Slow-Cooked Beef. $16.89 Regular Tilapia Fish Fillet Kabsa Rice-Salad Platter All Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters are served with Flavorful basmati kabsa rice, Fire-Roasted Veggies, Fresh Salads, black beans, and Tilapia Fish Fillet. $18.84 Small Platter BBQ Chicken Thigh Kabsa Rice-Salad Served with Flavorful basmati rice, fire-roasted veggies, black beans, salad, and BBQ Chicken. $11.04 Small Platter BBQ Chicken Drumstick $10.73 Small Platter Slow-Cooked Beef Kabsa Rice-Salad Platter All Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters are served with Flavorful basmati kabsa rice, Fire-Roasted Veggies, Fresh Salads, black beans, and Slow-Cooked Beef. $12.34 Small Platter Tilapia Fish Fillet Kabsa Rice-Salad Platter All Kabsa Rice-Salad Platters are served with Flavorful basmati kabsa rice, Fire-Roasted Veggies, Fresh Salads, black beans, and Tilapia Fish Fillet. $12.99 Arabian Shawarma Grilled Chicken Shawarma Classic Arabian Shawarma with chicken $9.09 Slow Cooked Beef Shawarma Classic Arabian Shawarma with beef $10.39 9" Sub Sandwiches All nine - inch subs are served with fajita vegetables, fresh salad, cheese, and pico de gallo. 9" Vegetarian Sub $7.79 9" Grilled Chicken Sub $8.13 9" Slow Cooked Beef Sub $9.43 9" Flaked Tuna Sub $10.39 6" Hotdog Sub $5.19 12" Tortilla Burritos All twelve inches tortilla burritos are served with rice, fajita vegetable, fresh salad, and pico de gallo. 12" Vegetarian Burrito Served with rice, fajita veg. fresh salad. pico de gallo and cheese. $10.13 Offer 12" Grilled Chicken Burrito Served with rice, diced grill chicken, fajita veg. fresh salad. pico de gallo and cheese. $11.04 12" Slow Cooked Beef Burrito Served with rice, Slow Cooked Beef, fajita veg. fresh salad. pico de gallo and cheese. $12.99 12" Flaked Tuna Burrito Served with rice, Flaked Tuna, fajita veg. fresh salad. pico de gallo and cheese. $12.86 BBQ Grilled Chicken Meal 2 Pc BBQ Grilled Chicken Meal One order comes with two pieces of chicken, fries, coleslaw, and a Toasted bun. $11.69 4 Pc BBQ Grilled Chicken Meal One order comes with four pieces of chicken, two fries, two coleslaw, and two biscuit bun. Serves two peoples. $18.84 8 Pc BBQ Grilled Chicken Meal One order comes with eight pieces of chicken, four fries, four coleslaw, and four biscuit bun. Serves four people. $32.49 Quesadilla Veggie Cheese Quesadilla Halal Quesadilla is a tortilla dish filled with cheese, Beans, Rice, salads, spices, and other fillings, and then grilled to melt the cheese inside... $12.99 Grilled Chicken Quesadilla Halal Quesadilla is a tortilla dish filled with cheese, grilled chicken, Beans, Rice, salads, spices, and other fillings, and then grilled to melt... $14.29 Slow Cooked Beef Quesadilla Halal Quesadilla is a tortilla dish filled with cheese, slow cooked beef, Beans, Rice, salads, spices, and other fillings, and then grilled to melt... $15.20 Flaked Tuna Quesadilla Halal Quesadilla is a tortilla dish filled with cheese, flaked tuna, Beans, Rice, salads, spices, and other fillings, and then grilled to melt the... $15.20 Mexican Style Bowl Vegetarian Mexican Style Bowl A Halal bowl served with flavorful Mediterranean Style Basmati Rice, Black beans, Lettuce, Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Fajita Veggies, Onion, Cilantro, $11.04 Grilled Chicken Mexican Style Bowl A Halal bowl served with flavorful Mediterranean Style Basmati Rice, diced Grilled Chicken, Black beans, Lettuce, Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Fajita... $12.99 Slow Cooked Beef Mexican Style Bowl A Halal bowl served with flavorful Mediterranean Style Basmati Rice, Slow Cooked Beef, Black beans, Lettuce, Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Fajita Veggies, $15.59 Flaked Tuna Mexican Style Bowl A Healthy bowl served with flavorful Mediterranean Style Basmati Rice, Flaked Tuna, Black beans, Lettuce, Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Fajita Veggies, $14.94 Crunch Wraps Vegetable Crunch Wrap Served with your choice of Veggie and Salads and lots of Cheese. $11.43 Grilled Chicken Crunch Wrap Served with Boneless Diced Grilled chicken, lots of Cheese and Salads $11.69 Slow Cooked Beef Crunch Wrap Served with Slow Cooked Beef, lots of Cheese and Salads $14.63 Flaked Tuna Crunch Wrap Served with Flaked Tuna, lots of Cheese and Salads $14.29 Ultimate Mixed Platter Mixed Shawarma Platter Served with Middle-eastern Kabsa, Black Beans, Mexican veggies, Grilled Chicken, Slow Roasted Beef, Lettuce, Cheese, Tomato Salad, Fries, Greek... $24.04 Round up Your Meal Fries and Canned Drink $5.01 Fries, Coleslaw, and Canned Drink $5.84 Extras Extra Kabsa Rice $6.23 Extra Chicken Drumstick $3.24 Extra Chicken Thigh $4.23 Extra Boneless Chicken (1 Scp) $7.48 Extra Slow Cooked Beef $8.78 Extra Tilapia Fillet (1 Pc) $8.78 Small Bites French Fries $3.89 Coleslaw Cup $2.59 Beverages Cup Of Coffee $2.46 Canned Pop $2.28 Bottled Gatorade $2.93 Monster Energy Drink $5.84 Bottled Water $1.76 Mango Lassi $3.99 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes