You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Sidelines Sports Bar and Grill 2675 Lauzon Rd, Windsor, ON N8T 2Z5, Canada 7.4 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Salads Appetizers Fries and Poutines Wraps Burgers Wings Beverages Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 991-0897 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Salads Greek Salad Our salad blend tossed with Greek dressing topped with feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, and black olives. $8.00 Caesar Salad Chopped romaine lettuce tossed in Caesar dressing topped with croutons, bacon bits, and parmesan cheese. $8.00 Appetizers Garlic Bread French bread toasted with garlic butter with shredded cheese and parmesan on top. $8.00 Loaded Garlic Bread French bread toasted with garlic butter with shredded cheese and parmesan on top with tomatoes, green onions, and bacon bits. $12.00 Mozzarella Sticks Fried mozzarella sticks served with ranch dressing. $12.00 Chips and Salsa Fresh corn tortilla chips served with salsa and sour cream. $5.00 Chicken Tenders and Fries (Five Pieces) Fried crispy chicken tenders served with your choice of sauce, served with fries. $14.00 Onion Rings Crispy seasoned onion rings served with our mango jalapeno aioli. $10.00 French Fries $7.00 Fries and Poutines El Mexicano Fries topped with ground beef, tomatoes, green onions, jalapenos drizzled with sour cream and queso. $9.00 Can'eh'dian Poutine Fries topped with bacon bits, ham, mushrooms, cheese curds, and gravy. $9.00 Traditional Poutine Fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. $7.00 Bacon Cheeseburger Poutine Fries topped with bacon bits, shredded cheese, jalapeno, ground beef, onion, and gravy. $9.00 Sidelines Poutine Fries topped with chopped crispy chicken tossed in your choice of wing sauce, shredded cheese with a ranch drizzle on top. $9.00 Chicken Bacon Ranch Fries Fries topped with crispy chicken, shredded cheese, jalapenos, bacon bits, with a ranch drizzle on top. $9.00 Greek Fries Fries tossed in oregano, topped with feta cheese, tomatoes, onion, black olives, cucumbers with a tzatziki drizzle on top. $8.00 Deluxe Fries Fries topped with green onions, jalapenos, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, with sour cream and queso drizzle. $8.00 Wraps Comes with your choice of fries or salad. Avocado Chicken Wrap Flamed grilled chicken wrapped in a toasted flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, guacamole, shredded cheese, and sriracha mayo. $14.00 Crispy Chicken and Bacon Wrap Fried chicken wrapped in a toasted flour tortilla with bacon, lettuce, tomato, shredded cheese, and ranch. $14.00 Chicken Caesar Wrap Flamed grilled chicken wrapped in a toasted flour tortilla with romaine lettuce, parmesan, bacon, and Caesar dressing. $14.00 Greek Caesar Wrap Flame-grilled chicken wrapped in a toasted flour tortilla with lettuce, feta cheese, tomato, black olives, cucumbers, Greek dressing, and tzatziki. $14.00 Quseadilla Your choice of protein (beef or chicken), topped with green onions, tomatoes, shredded cheese in a toasted flour tortilla, served with sour cream and... $12.00 Burgers Comes with your choice of fries or salad. The Classic A fresh patty topped with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and our signature Sidelines sauce between a freshly toasted brioche bun. $14.00 The Sideliner Our flagship burger with double the cheese and double the meat topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, bacon, and our signature Sidelines... $17.00 The Southwestern A fresh patty topped with cheddar cheese sauteed onions, our Sidelines sauce, barbeque sauce, fresh bacon strips, pickles, and jalapenos between a... $16.00 The Swiss A fresh patty topped with sauteed mushrooms and onions, Swiss cheese, and lettuce between a freshly toasted brioche bun. $16.00 The Ringer A fresh patty topped with onion rings, jalapenos, cheddar cheeses, lettuce, pickles, and our mango jalapeno aioli between a freshly toasted brioche... $16.00 The Impersonator A vegetarian take on our classic burger with a black beans patty, lettuce, onion, tomatoes, pickles, onions, guacamole with a drizzle of our... $16.00 The Buffalo A crispy chicken breast tossed in Buffalo sauce topped with tomato, lettuce, pickles, and sriracha mayo between a freshly toasted brioche bun. $14.00 Wings Boneless Wings Boneless wings served with a sauce of your choice. $16.00 Traditional Wings Traditional wings served with a sauce of your choice. $16.00 Beverages Fountain Drinks $3.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes