You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Spoontastic Treats 461 Erie St E, Windsor, ON N9A 3X6, Canada 8.7 View Hours That GOOD, GOOD! Marshmallows Cakesicles Chocolate Covered Pretzel Rods Parfaits Cookies Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 300-5734 before placing your order. That GOOD, GOOD! Oreo X Reese’s PacK Yep, we taken you through that way, two x double stuff oreo sandwich in between peanut butter chocolate w/ Reese's inside. Your pack comes with: One... $12.00 Marshmallows Oreo Chocolate Covered Marshmallows $5.00 Skor Chocolate Covered Marshmallows $5.00 M&M's Chocolate Covered Marshmallows $5.00 Cookies and Creme Covered Marshmallows Fluffy marshmallows, dipped in white chocolate, rolled in crushed cookies and creme; finished with chocolate drizzle. $5.00 Cakesicles Reese's Cakesicles Chocolate/ Reese’s cake , dip in milk chocolate, drizzled with peanut butter chocolate and topped with Reese’s pieces ! $6.00 Oreo Cakesicles $6.00 Pusha-P-CHOCOLATEE Long are the days when this was heart shaped. Shape shifted into a cakesicle (but same chocolate cake goodness, chocolate ganache, dip in milk... $6.00 bizcocho de LIMÓN Lemon cake , dipped in lemon flavoured chocolate. Topped with lemon crumble, drizzled with more lemon chocolate and lemon chocolate mini bar. $6.00 Cakesicle croquant aux FRAISES Strawberry cake , bonded with strawberry compote . Dipped in red , white chocolate and coated with strawberry crunch . Topped with more red chocolate. $6.00 Chocolate Covered Pretzel Rods Chocolate Covered Oreo Pretzel Pretzel rod dipped in white chocolate, rolled in Oreo crumble, and top with a more white chocolate. $4.00 Chocolate Covered M&M’s Pretzel Rod Pretzel rod dipped in milk chocolate, rolled in mini M&M’s, and topped with more milk chocolate. $5.50 Chocolate Covered Reese’s Pretzel Rod Pretzel rod dipped in milk chocolate, rolled in Reese’s crumble, and topped with peanut butter and milk chocolate drizzle. $4.00 Chocolate Covered Cookies and Cream Pretzel Rod Dipped in white chocolate, rolled in cookies and creme crumbs, and finished with additional white chocolate. $4.00 Chocolate Covered Skor Pretzel Pretzel rod dipped in milk chocolate, rolled in Skor bits, and toped with milk chocolate. $4.00 Parfaits RED VELVET X Peppermint MOCHA (12 oz) Our red velvet signature cake, infused with peppermint mocha . Layered with our no-bake cheesecake parfait, peppermint mocha infused whipped topping... $12.00 Cookies Chocolate Chip Cookies (1 pcs) One order comes with one cookie. $4.00 Peanut Butter Bliss X Chocolate Chip Peanut butter cups and chocolate chip cookies. Dip-in or drizzled with peanut butter and milk chocolate. $5.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes