You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up T. Kettle 1-3009 Howard Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 3Y9, Canada 8.0 View Hours Community Support Community Support Brewed Drinks Loose Leaf Tea Valentine’s Day Tins Matcha Tins Matcha Drinks Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 915-5101 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Brewed Drinks Freshly brewed drinks, all made to order, steeped in-store with our premium loose-leaf blends. Choose your favourite tea to enjoy hot or iced – make it your own with our milk and sweetener add-ins. The perfect cup of tea is waiting for you at T. Kettle. Irish Breakfast (Single Cup) Move aside, Guinness. Without a doubt one of the world’s finest teas. Voluptuous flavours of astringency and simply exquisite with milk. $3.50 Turmeric Ginger Peach (Single Cup) A race to the finish line, turmeric close on peaches heels, and ginger close behind. A photo finish. $3.50 Stress Relief (Single Cup) Step back, slow down! Tulsi notes prevail with the lingering taste of cranberry and raspberry. $3.50 Cinnamon Kisses (Single Cup) $3.50 Ginger Snap biologique (une tasse) / Organic Ginger Snap (Single Cup) Oh, Snap! Ginger cookies in a cup – finishes with a palate wide awake. $3.50 Citrus Grey (Single Cup) Pucker up! Extra lemon Earl Grey, lovely, and superb flavor. $3.50 A Dozen Roses (Single Cup) Roses are red, violets are… forget the violets. This tea tastes like roses dancing over your taste buds. $3.50 Nuit reposante (une tasse) / Restful Night (Single Cup) Dreams on the way. Smooth and fulfilling with a sleepy time vanilla warmth. $3.50 Watermelon Bubblegum (Single Cup) Luscious watermelon bubblegum cheek to cheek with sparkling lime finish. $3.50 Get Well (Single Cup) Minty fresh with layers of orange and cooling eucalyptus. Finishes with lingering mint. You’ll be back on your feet in no time! $3.50 Essence of Elderflower (Single Cup) Completely delightful fresh taste. Delicious notes of oolong with citrus highlights. $3.50 Organic Country Blueberry (Single Cup) Full frontal blueberry notes – 1st place winner at the county fair! $3.50 Cream of Earl Grey (Single Cup) Don’t spill this tea! Ravishing bergamot notes with creamy highlights. Yum! $3.50 Caribbean Cocktail (Single Cup) Creamy vanilla finishing with a burst of sweet fruit! $3.50 Twisted Grey (Single Cup) Earl grey with a twist! Flavorful notes of earl grey zested with juicy grapefruit. $3.50 Garden of Immunity (Single Cup) Floral notes of exceptional oolong and a light ginger finish. $3.50 Organic Saigon Chai (Single Cup) $3.50 Crisp Autumn Morning (Single Cup) Imagine fresh thanksgiving cranberry sauce -add a dash of sugar and voila! Tart cranberry notes tempered with sweet apple. $3.50 Papa Don’t Peach (Single Cup) Just peachy! Opens with a punch of peach and finishes with sweet apple and ginger. $3.50 Amaretto (Single Cup) Smooth and full-flavoured with a buttery character, finishing with almond notes. $3.50 Maple French Toast (Single Cup) Decadent French toast generously topped with pure maple syrup! Come and get it! $3.50 Organic Lapsang (Single Cup) Cup Characteristics: There’s no smoke without fire. Excellent black tea slowly dried with the smoke of Wuyi Mountain pine trees. Refined and... $3.50 Caribbean Chai (Single Cup) Smell the spices in the ocean air. Light and fruity opening with delicious notes of cardamon. $3.50 Cozy Cocoa (Single Cup) I’m a real grinch before my cocoa. Layers of sweet creamy chocolate -warm and cozy. $3.50 Cha Cha Cherry (Single Cup) The aroma of freshly picked cherries fill the room and incredible sweet cherry notes fill your palate. $3.50 Organic Chamomile (Single Cup) Smooth and restful chamomile with crab-apple notes. Straight from the banks of the Nile river. $3.50 Blueberry Pie (Single Cup) Freshly baked blueberry pie pulled straight from the oven! Delicious wild blueberry flavour. $3.50 Organic Peppermint (Single Cup) After dinner mint! Cool and sharp intense full peppermint. $3.50 Organic Mellow Out (Single Cup) Opens with soothing mint and finishes with hints of hibiscus. Grab a cup and mellow out. $3.50 Lavender Dream (Single Cup) Blue skies melting into rows of brilliant lavender. Full-bodied with notes of toast finish with full frontal lavender. $3.50 Organic Earl Grey (Single Cup) England was not built in a day… probably because they were constantly stopping to drink this tea. Strong bergamot notes on high-altitude Nilgiri tea. $3.50 Flapjacks and Flannel (Single Cup) Flipping good! Opens with butter topped pancakes and finishes with notes of drizzled maple syrup. $3.50 Heyyy-Biscus (Single Cup) The delicious hibiscus flavor is tempered with sweet notes of cranberry and apple. $3.50 Peach Apricot White (Single Cup) The most natural tea of all -white tea! Incredible peach notes with a deep apricot finish. $5.00 Lemonado (Single Cup) Go Go GO! Excellent mate finish softened with opening notes of lemon. $3.50 Wake Up Call (Single Cup) Get up and go! Lemony mate opening with a Thai ginger finish to revive you. $3.50 True North (Single Cup) O’Canada! Canadians don’t compromise when it comes to their tea. Full-bodied smooth finishes with full maple. $3.50 Rooibos (Single Cup) The toast of South Africa’s Cederberg region. Lightly bakey, the reddish-orange cup is fruity with sweet notes. $3.50 Bee Well (Single Cup) Hey Honey – what a tea! Delicious sweet notes layered on top of hints of buttered toast with anise and honey. $3.50 Detox (Single Cup) Lightly herbaceous with soothing notes of lemon. I feel better already! $3.50 Candy Cane Lane (Single Cup) The holidays in a cup -too bad we can’t hang this on the tree! Exquisite sweet mint notes dancing on your tongue. $3.50 French Vanilla (Single Cup) Mais oui monsieur, I want a tea cappuccino that tastes like what I had in Paris. Creamy and sweet with bold vanilla flavour. Voila! $3.50 Citrus Squeeze (Single Cup) Squeeze the day! Terrific orange highlights, exceptional hot or cold! $3.50 Organic Japanese Sencha (Single Cup) Smooth sencha with reasonable depth and body. $3.50 Raspberry Coconut (Single Cup) A classic dessert bar. The tart raspberry flavour paired with sweet, toasty coconut culminating with a fresh green tea finish can only be described... $3.50 Lemon Meringue (Single Cup) This green tea packs a punch of zesty lemon notes finishing with a smooth layer of toasted sweetness that will leave you feeling as heavenly as... $3.50 Cherry Grapefruit (Single Cup) Enjoy the fizzzz! This refreshing blend of cherry, grapefruit, and lime is a flavour explosion for your tastebuds. This fizz is guaranteed to sizzle... $3.50 Pumpkin Patch Chai (Single Cup) Homemade pumpkin pie in a cup. Sweet with cinnamon and creamy pumpkin. $3.50 Strawberry Kiwi (Single Cup) Opens with a strawberry on refreshingly tart hibiscus mingled with kiwi. $3.50 Dublin Dreams (Single Cup) Hey Paddy! Over here! Irish cream notes enhanced with sweet caramel. $3.50 Citrus Burst (Single Cup) Eternally grapefruit for this tea! Sweet pink grapefruit with a rosy finish. $3.50 Breathe Easy (Single Cup) Deep breaths…. Cooling eucalyptus notes with an incredible sweet red fruit finish. $3.50 Davinci's Secret (Single Cup) Leonardo touches the night sky! Opens with sweet and warming anise licorice. $3.50 Madame Butterfly (Single Cup) This tea has an incomparable jasmine character with a full-flavored cup and a delightfully aromatic nose. The epitome of luxury jasmine tea. $10.00 Pink Lemonade (Single Cup) Summer in a cup. Sweet lemon opening with a California orange finish. $3.50 Chai Kick (Single Cup) Chai it, you’ll like it! Ginger spice kick and sweet cinnamon, with light Travancore pepper. $3.50 Ice Riesling (Single Cup) Vineyards covered in snow. White grapes are frozen like marbles. Sweet dessert icewine on a fabulous white tea. $5.00 Meta-Boost (Single Cup) All systems go! Smooth lemon opening wakes up your taste buds with a spicy finish. $3.50 Blueberry Blossom (Single Cup) Notes of warm buttery toast lathered with wild blueberry preserve. $3.50 Raspberry Lemon Verbena (Single Cup) Raspberry, raspberry where have you been all my life. Full raspberry notes with a delicious lemon finish. $3.50 Strawberry Fondue (Single Cup) Opens with decadent strawberry and a drippingly delicious chocolate finish. Keep the fire going! $3.50 Candy Shoppe (Single Cup) A day at the fair isn’t complete without this sweet treat. Sweet cotton candy that melts in your mouth. $3.50 Immunity Boost (Single Cup) Immuni-tea boost! Savory sage finishing with fruity flavour. $3.50 Apple Crisp Chai (Single Cup) Sweet chai of mine. A mildly spiced chai full of fruit notes. $3.50 Tropical Explosion (Single Cup) Imagine! Sun, Snorkeling, Fruity drinks -ahhhh good times!!! Complex tropical fruit with notes of fresh coconut. $3.50 Movie Night (Single Cup) Action, Rom-Com, Sci-Fi? This tea is the perfect addition to any movie night, tastes just like buttered popcorn! $3.50 Make It A Mojito (Single Cup) Open with raspberry and finishes with notes of lime and mint. $3.50 Guangzhou Milk Oolong (Single Cup) Premium oolong with sweet milk and light orchid notes peeking out from camellia depths. $5.00 Frosted Latte (Single Cup) Cozy up by the fireplace! A delicious creamy tea latte surprise warms the soul. $3.50 Orange Pekoe (Single Cup) Built for comfort, not speed. A moody and malty cup with hints of oak. $3.50 Organic English Breakfast (Single Cup) Top of the mornin’! A perfect breakfast tea with body, hints of oakiness, and full of flavour. $3.50 Campfire Chai (Single Cup) Campfire songs stuck in your head and marshmallows stuck to your fingers. Exquisite toasty notes, full and sweet finish. $3.50 The Red Earl (Single Cup) A twist on a classic, fit for a queen! Smooth red rooibos with incredible Earl Grey notes. $3.50 Biscotti (Single Cup) Biscotti! Miscotti! This is the real deal. A taste that screams full sweet almond. $3.50 Mardi Gras (Single Cup) Mardi Gras and all that jazz right on the corner of Bourbon Street. Toasty warm rooibos finishing off with long vanilla notes. This party goes all... $3.50 Pina Colada (Single Cup) Bust this one out at your next karaoke party – “If you like Pina Coladas…” A sultry taste explosion of pineapple, tropical fruit, and coconut. $3.50 Creamsicle (Single Cup) Delicious orange and ice cream combo melting on your tongue. Incredible! $3.50 Tie Kwan Yin (Single Cup) A distinctive light cup that has hints of orchid-like flavour. $3.50 Strawberry Shortcake (Single Cup) Memories of spring socials. Sweet and creamy icing dripping down onto ripe, melt in your mouth strawberries. $3.50 Decaf Earl Grey (Single Cup) Silican bergamot flavours abound like Mount Etna volcano erupting. $3.50 Carrot Cake (Single Cup) Smooth like butter with hints of ginger and cinnamon. Brings back memories of my mother’s specialty – right down to the toppings. $3.50 Mindful Medley (Single Cup) Take a moment with this smooth tea with notes of green tea and jasmine peach. $3.50 Provence (Single Cup) All along the river lavender fields fill the air. Imagine this in a cup of tea with toasty rooibos. $3.50 Cinnamon Chai (Single Cup) Sweater weather is better weather. Opens with sweet cinnamon and finishes with notes of spiced apple. $3.50 Bronze Beauty (Single Cup) Turmeric notes tempered with fresh carrot and beets, highlighted with the ginger finish. $3.50 Blue Freeze (Single Cup) Brrrrr…. this is so bluey good (incredible as a DIY Popsicle). Tends fruity with ‘into the wild blue yonder’ notes. $3.50 Pom Punch (Single Cup) Heartful pomegranate with a sweet and somewhat tart finish. $3.50 Gingerbread Cookie (Single Cup) Holiday market memories. Smooth ginger and cinnamon – warm and reassuring. $3.50 Organic Imperial Dragon Jasmine (Single Cup) Exquisite, abundant Jasmine character on a seasonal green tea. This Jasmine flavor is only possible with midnight May flowers. $3.50 Genmaicha (Single Cup) Snap, Crackle, POP! Light, golden yellow liquor with a unique, toasty rice flavour tending sweet. $3.50 Home for the Holidays (Single Cup) Let’s give thanks for a taste reminiscent of juicy autumn apples caressing a cup with sweet and piquant spice notes. Mild cinnamon finish. $3.50 Organic Go-Go-Goji (Single Cup) Go go get ’em tiger! A satisfying cup, tending sweet with refreshing notes of berry and pomegranate. $3.50 Salted Caramel (Single Cup) $3.50 Kenyan Tinderet (Single Cup) Hakuna Matata! No worries for the rest of your days. Hauntingly full cup with body and superb malty notes. $3.50 Unicorn Bliss (Single Cup) More than a 1 horn Wonder! A symphony of fruit with spiraling harmony. $3.50 Organic Unwind (Single Cup) Unwind your body and mind – Sweet spearmint with a lavender finish. $3.50 Strawberry Sencha (Single Cup)s Super fresh strawberries, sweet and juicy layered on nuanced green tea. $3.50 Razzle Dazzle (Single Cup) Notes of carrot and beetroot spiraling into a dazzling raspberry finish. $3.50 Headache Healer (Single Cup) Melt tension away, help is on the way. Balanced rooibos with hints of lightly lemon mint. $3.50 Birthday Party (Single Cup) Happy Birthday to yooouuuuu….! Chocolate cake slathered with vanilla icing. $3.50 Peaches and Cream (Single Cup) Millions of peaches, peaches for me. Millions of peaches, peaches with cream. $3.50 Organic Sore Throat Remedy (Single Cup) Ahem…. Ahem… *sip* Ahhh….that’s better! Notes of licorice/anise and hints of smooth peppermint and ginger. $3.50 Lavender Fields Forever (Single Cup) Floral lavender notes with lingering memories of Provence. $3.50 Organic Gyokuro Yamashiro (Single Cup) This stunning tea is produced using only teas grown between March and April when bushes push up fresh new shoots. $5.00 Mind Over Mint (Single Cup) Focus…. Focus….Bold mint notes with herbaceous smoothness. $3.50 The Beet Goes On (Single Cup) Well-balanced herbs and fruits with a vegetative beet finish. $3.50 Aloe-ha (Single Cup) Slightly sweet apple and rooibos with delicious sweet aloe finish. $3.50 Organic Darjeeling (Single Cup) Himalayan Mountain high. Champagne notes in a cup of tea. Is there anything better? $5.00 Lemonade Stand (Single Cup) Just like stopping at your neighborhood lemonade stand! Opens with sweet lemon and finishes with a blend of lemon and hibiscus! $3.50 Loose Leaf Tea Made from premium, naturally sourced whole leaf blends from around the world. All 100% fair trade, kosher, and vegan. Enjoy your favourite blends on the go or at home with our exceptional offerings from everyday teas to unexpected blends with unique flavours. Available in multiple sizes from 25 to 500 grams. Irish Breakfast Move aside, Guinness. Without a doubt one of the world’s finest teas. Voluptuous flavours of astringency and simply exquisite with milk. $5.00 Turmeric Ginger Peach A race to the finish line, turmeric close on peaches heels, and ginger close behind. A photo finish. $5.00 Stress Relief Step back, slow down! Tulsi notes prevail with the lingering taste of cranberry and raspberry. $5.50 Cinnamon Kisses She loves me, she loves me not…. Nothing is left to chance with this cinnamon heart tea. Xoxoxo $5.50 Organic Ginger Snap Oh, Snap! Ginger cookies in a cup – finishes with a palate wide awake. $5.50 Citrus Grey Pucker up! Extra lemon Earl Grey, lovely, and superb flavor. $5.50 A Dozen Roses Roses are red, violets are… forget the violets. This tea tastes like roses dancing over your taste buds. $5.00 Restful Night Dreams on the way. Smooth and fulfilling with a sleepy time vanilla warmth. $5.50 Watermelon Bubblegum Luscious watermelon bubblegum cheek to cheek with sparkling lime finish. $5.50 Get Well Minty fresh with layers of orange and cooling eucalyptus. Finishes with lingering mint. You’ll be back on your feet in no time! $5.00 Essence of Elderflower Completely delightful fresh taste. Delicious notes of oolong with citrus highlights. $5.50 Organic Country Blueberry Full frontal blueberry notes – 1st place winner at the county fair! $5.50 Cream of Earl Grey Don’t spill this tea! Ravishing bergamot notes with creamy highlights. Yum! $8.99 Twisted Grey Earl grey with a twist! Flavorful notes of earl grey zested with juicy grapefruit. $5.50 Garden of Immunity Floral notes of exceptional oolong and a light ginger finish. $5.50 Organic Saigon Chai $5.50 Crisp Autumn Morning Imagine fresh thanksgiving cranberry sauce -add a dash of sugar and voila! Tart cranberry notes tempered with sweet apple. $5.00 Papa Don’t Peach Just peachy! Opens with a punch of peach and finishes with sweet apple and ginger. $5.00 Amaretto Smooth and full-flavoured with a buttery character, finishing with almond notes. $5.00 Maple French Toast Decadent French toast generously topped with pure maple syrup! Come and get it! $5.50 Organic Lapsang Cup Characteristics: There’s no smoke without fire. Excellent black tea slowly dried with the smoke of Wuyi Mountain pine trees. Refined and... $5.50 Caribbean Chai Smell the spices in the ocean air. Light and fruity opening with delicious notes of cardamon. $5.00 Cozy Cocoa I’m a real grinch before my cocoa. Layers of sweet creamy chocolate -warm and cozy. $5.50 Cha Cha Cherry The aroma of freshly picked cherries fill the room and incredible sweet cherry notes fill your palate. $5.50 Organic Chamomile Smooth and restful chamomile with crab-apple notes. Straight from the banks of the Nile river. $5.00 Blueberry Pie Freshly baked blueberry pie pulled straight from the oven! Delicious wild blueberry flavour. $5.00 Organic Peppermint After dinner mint! Cool and sharp intense full peppermint. $5.00 Organic Mellow Out Opens with soothing mint and finishes with hints of hibiscus. Grab a cup and mellow out. $5.00 Lavender Dream Blue skies melting into rows of brilliant lavender. Full-bodied with notes of toast finish with full frontal lavender. $5.00 Organic Earl Grey England was not built in a day… probably because they were constantly stopping to drink this tea. Strong bergamot notes on high-altitude Nilgiri tea. $5.00 Flapjacks and Flannel Flipping good! Opens with butter topped pancakes and finishes with notes of drizzled maple syrup. $5.00 Heyyy-Biscus $5.50 Lemonado Go Go GO! Excellent mate finish softened with opening notes of lemon. $5.00 Wake Up Call Get up and go! Lemony mate opening with a Thai ginger finish to revive you. $5.50 True North O’Canada! Canadians don’t compromise when it comes to their tea. Full-bodied smooth finishes with full maple. $5.50 Rooibos The toast of South Africa’s Cederberg region. Lightly bakey, the reddish-orange cup is fruity with sweet notes. $5.00 Bee Well Hey Honey – what a tea! Delicious sweet notes layered on top of hints of buttered toast with anise and honey. $5.50 Detox Lightly herbaceous with soothing notes of lemon. I feel better already! $5.00 Candy Cane Lane The holidays in a cup -too bad we can’t hang this on the tree! Exquisite sweet mint notes dancing on your tongue. $5.50 French Vanillaa Mais oui monsieur, I want a tea cappuccino that tastes like what I had in Paris. Creamy and sweet with bold vanilla flavour. Voila! $5.00 Citrus Squeeze Squeeze the day! Terrific orange highlights, exceptional hot or cold! $5.00 Organic Japanese Sencha Smooth sencha with reasonable depth and body. $5.50 Raspberry Coconut A classic dessert bar. The tart raspberry flavour paired with sweet, toasty coconut culminating with a fresh green tea finish can only be described... $5.00 Lemon Meringue This green tea packs a punch of zesty lemon notes finishing with a smooth layer of toasted sweetness that will leave you feeling as heavenly as... $5.00 Cherry Grapefruit Enjoy the fizzzz! This refreshing blend of cherry, grapefruit, and lime is a flavour explosion for your tastebuds. This fizz is guaranteed to sizzle... $5.50 Pumpkin Patch Chai Homemade pumpkin pie in a cup. Sweet with cinnamon and creamy pumpkin. $5.50 Strawberry Kiwi Opens with a strawberry on refreshingly tart hibiscus mingled with kiwi. $5.50 Dublin Dreams Hey Paddy! Over here! Irish cream notes enhanced with sweet caramel. $5.00 Citrus Burst Eternally grapefruit for this tea! Sweet pink grapefruit with a rosy finish. $5.00 Breathe Easy Deep breaths…. Cooling eucalyptus notes with an incredible sweet red fruit finish. $5.00 Davinci's Secret Leonardo touches the night sky! Opens with sweet and warming anise licorice. $5.00 Madame Butterfly This tea has an incomparable jasmine character with a full-flavored cup and a delightfully aromatic nose. The epitome of luxury jasmine tea. $38.00 Pink Lemonade Summer in a cup. Sweet lemon opening with a California orange finish. $5.00 Vanilla Matcha Is there anything more soothing than the heart-warming character of rich, sultry vanilla? Actually, yes – the heartwarming, cane sugar-sweetened... $7.00 Blueberry Matcha Sweet burst of wild blueberry with a smooth green tea finish. $7.00 Strawberry Matcha Strawberry swirls and green tea fields. $7.00 Peach Matcha Divine fusion of green tea and summer ripe peaches. $7.00 Chai Kick Chai it, you’ll like it! Ginger spice kick and sweet cinnamon, with light Travancore pepper. $5.50 Ice Riesling Vineyards covered in snow. White grapes are frozen like marbles. Sweet dessert icewine on a fabulous white tea. $7.00 Meta-Boost All systems go! Smooth lemon opening wakes up your taste buds with a spicy finish. $5.50 Blueberry Blossom Notes of warm buttery toast lathered with wild blueberry preserve. $6.00 Raspberry Lemon Verbena Raspberry, raspberry where have you been all my life. Full raspberry notes with a delicious lemon finish. $5.50 Strawberry Fondue Opens with decadent strawberry and a drippingly delicious chocolate finish. Keep the fire going! $5.50 Candy Shoppe A day at the fair isn’t complete without this sweet treat. Sweet cotton candy that melts in your mouth. $5.00 Immunity Boost Immuni-tea boost! Savory sage finishing with fruity flavour. $5.50 Apple Crisp Chai Sweet chai of mine. A mildly spiced chai full of fruit notes. $5.00 Tropical Explosion Imagine! Sun, Snorkeling, Fruity drinks -ahhhh good times!!! Complex tropical fruit with notes of fresh coconut. $5.00 Movie Night Action, Rom-Com, Sci-Fi? This tea is the perfect addition to any movie night, tastes just like buttered popcorn! $5.00 Ceremonial Matcha Deep green soothing zen flavour. Almost buttery sweet. $15.50 Make It A Mojito Open with raspberry and finishes with notes of lime and mint. $5.50 Guangzhou Milk Oolong Premium oolong with sweet milk and light orchid notes peeking out from camellia depths. $8.00 Frosted Latte Cozy up by the fireplace! A delicious creamy tea latte surprise warms the soul. $5.50 Orange Pekoe Built for comfort, not speed. A moody and malty cup with hints of oak. $5.00 Organic English Breakfast $5.00 Campfire Chai Campfire songs stuck in your head and marshmallows stuck to your fingers. Exquisite toasty notes, full and sweet finish. $5.00 The Red Earl A twist on a classic, fit for a queen! Smooth red rooibos with incredible Earl Grey notes. $5.00 Biscotti Biscotti! Miscotti! This is the real deal. A taste that screams full sweet almond. $5.00 Mardi Gras Mardi Gras and all that jazz right on the corner of Bourbon Street. Toasty warm rooibos finishing off with long vanilla notes. This party goes all... $5.50 Pina Colada $5.00 Creamsicle Delicious orange and ice cream combo melting on your tongue. Incredible! $5.50 Tie Kwan Yin A distinctive light cup that has hints of orchid-like flavour. $7.50 Strawberry Shortcake Memories of spring socials. Sweet and creamy icing dripping down onto ripe, melt in your mouth strawberries. $5.00 Decaf Earl Grey Silican bergamot flavours abound like Mount Etna volcano erupting. $5.50 Carrot Cake Smooth like butter with hints of ginger and cinnamon. Brings back memories of my mother’s specialty – right down to the toppings. $5.00 Mindful Medley Take a moment with this smooth tea with notes of green tea and jasmine peach. $6.50 Provence All along the river lavender fields fill the air. Imagine this in a cup of tea with toasty rooibos. $5.50 Cinnamon Chai Sweater weather is better weather. Opens with sweet cinnamon and finishes with notes of spiced apple. $5.00 Bronze Beauty Turmeric notes tempered with fresh carrot and beets, highlighted with the ginger finish. $5.00 Blue Freeze $5.50 Pom Punch Heartful pomegranate with a sweet and somewhat tart finish. $5.00 Gingerbread Cookie Holiday market memories. Smooth ginger and cinnamon – warm and reassuring. $5.00 Organic Imperial Dragon Jasmine Exquisite, abundant Jasmine character on a seasonal green tea. This Jasmine flavor is only possible with midnight May flowers. $5.50 Genmaicha Snap, Crackle, POP! Light, golden yellow liquor with a unique, toasty rice flavour tending sweet. $5.00 Grape Vine/Grapevine Grape on the vine -why not be crushed to make wine! Tending sweet with notes of icewine and blueberry. $6.00 Home for the Holidays Let’s give thanks for a taste reminiscent of juicy autumn apples caressing a cup with sweet and piquant spice notes. Mild cinnamon finish. $5.00 Organic Go-Go-Goji Go go get ’em tiger! A satisfying cup, tending sweet with refreshing notes of berry and pomegranate. $5.50 Salted Caramel Salty, sweet, buttery, our Salted Caramel blend captures all the je ne sais quoi of the original, in an all-natural tea form. $5.50 Kenyan Tinderet Hakuna Matata! No worries for the rest of your days. Hauntingly full cup with body and superb malty notes. $5.00 Peppermint Matcha A meritoriously minty matcha. $7.00 Unicorn Bliss More than a 1 horn Wonder! A symphony of fruit with spiraling harmony. $5.00 Organic Unwind Unwind your body and mind – Sweet spearmint with a lavender finish. $5.50 Strawberry Sencha Super fresh strawberries, sweet and juicy layered on nuanced green tea. $5.50 Razzle Dazzle Notes of carrot and beetroot spiraling into a dazzling raspberry finish. $5.00 Headache Healer Melt tension away, help is on the way. Balanced rooibos with hints of lightly lemon mint. $5.00 Birthday Party Happy Birthday to yooouuuuu….! Chocolate cake slathered with vanilla icing. $5.00 Peaches and Cream Millions of peaches, peaches for me. Millions of peaches, peaches with cream. $5.50 Organic Sore Throat Remedy Ahem…. Ahem… *sip* Ahhh….that’s better! Notes of licorice/anise and hints of smooth peppermint and ginger. $5.50 Organic Gyokuro Yamashiro This stunning tea is produced using only teas grown between March and April when bushes push up fresh new shoots. $12.00 Mind Over Mint Focus…. Focus….Bold mint notes with herbaceous smoothness. $5.00 The Beet Goes On Well-balanced herbs and fruits with a vegetative beet finish. $5.00 Aloe-ha Slightly sweet apple and rooibos with delicious sweet aloe finish. $5.50 Organic Darjeeling Himalayan Mountain high. Champagne notes in a cup of tea. Is there anything better? $8.00 Lemonade Stand Just like stopping at your neighborhood lemonade stand! Opens with sweet lemon and finishes with a blend of lemon and hibiscus! $5.50 Mango Matcha This fruity matcha will transport you to an island getaway with its refreshing mango taste! $7.00 Cream of Earl Grey Don’t spill this tea! Ravishing bergamot notes with creamy highlights. Yum! $5.00 Mango Matcha This fruity matcha will transport you to an island getaway with its refreshing mango taste. $7.00 Valentine’s Day Tins These popular blends have been revamped with new ingredients that are reminiscent of all your favorite Valentine's Day treats. Available in these convenient and stylish 100g tins. A Dozen Roses The hustle-bustle of life can get in the way of enjoying it. Golf great Walter Hagen once said: “Don’t hurry. Don’t worry. You’re only here for a... $17.50 Strawberry Fondue What’s the best part of strawberry fondue? All of it! What’s not to like? Decadent strawberry. Drippingly delicious chocolate. It’s the stuff... $17.50 Cinnamon Kisses A furtive glance. The redness of her lips. Some memories never fade. Many a song has been written about the feeling evoked by this lovely blend of... $17.50 Matcha Tins The popular and flavourful Matcha is now available in these convenient and stylish 300g tins. Blueberry Sweet burst of wild blueberry with a smooth green tea finish. $16.50 Ceremonial Deep green soothing zen flavor. Almost buttery sweet. $16.50 Peach Divine fusion of green tea and summer ripe peaches. $16.50 Peppermint A meritoriously minty matcha. $16.50 Strawberry Strawberry swirls and green tea fields. $16.50 Vanilla Is there anything more soothing than the heart-warming character of rich, sultry vanilla? Actually, yes – the heartwarming, cane sugar-sweetened... $16.50 Mango This fruity matcha will transport you to an island getaway with its refreshing mango taste. $16.50 Matcha Drinks Less caffeine, less burnout, more flavour, and more energy. Blueberry Sweet burst of wild blueberry with a smooth green tea finish. $5.00 Ceremonial Deep green soothing zen flavour. Almost buttery sweet. $5.00 Peach Divine fusion of green tea and summer ripe peaches. $5.00 Peppermint A meritoriously minty matcha. $5.00 Strawberry Strawberry swirls and green tea fields. $5.00 Vanilla Is there anything more soothing than the heart-warming character of rich, sultry vanilla? Actually, yes – the heartwarming, cane sugar sweetened... $5.00 Mango This fruity matcha will transport you to an island getaway with its refreshing mango taste! $5.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes