You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up the dotte 5720 Wyandotte St E, Windsor, ON N8S 1M5, Canada 7.4 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Appetizers Sandwiches Smashburgers Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 945-8112 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? $1.10 Appetizers Fries $4.00 Triple Cheese Poutine Curd, cheddar cheese, mozza, and gravy. $10.00 Shrimp Fries Cajun butter shrimp, chives, and chipotle mayonnaise. $14.00 Birria Tacos (2 pcs) Beef, cheese, onion, cilantro, and dotte sauce. $12.00 Sandwiches Ultimate Chicken Sandwich Crispy chicken thigh, dill pickle, and mayonnaise. $10.00 Popper Fried Chicken Sandwich Crispy chicken thigh, fresh jalapeno, cream cheese, and Swiss cheese. $12.00 Buffalo Fried Chicken Sandwich Crispy chicken thigh, honey butter buffalo sauce, lettuce, and dotted sauce. $12.00 Smashburgers Smashburger Pickles, sweet onion, American, ketchup, and mayo. $10.00 Mushroom Swiss Smashburger Mushroom, Swiss, and mayo. $11.00 Volcano Smashburger Jalapeno, hot sauce, lettuce, Havarti, and chipotle mayo. $11.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes