You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up The Early Bird Cantina 875 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, ON N9A 4J6, Canada 8.0 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Tacos Something Extra Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 564-2516 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Tacos Three Tacos Get all 3 tacos (Cheesy B, Veggie B, and Breakfast Poutine) for $20 $20.00 Cheesy B The early bird's classic taco made with homemade sausage patties, cheddar cheese infused scrambled eggs, crispy potatoes, and a local hot sauce, all... $7.50 Veggie B The early bird's vegetarian taco consisting of fried Lion's mane mushrooms, cheddar cheese infused scrambled eggs, crispy potatoes, and a local hot... $7.50 Breakfast Poutine The early bird's signature taco made with homemade sausage gravy, cheese curd infused eggs and crispy potatoes, all in a flour tortilla. $7.50 Something Extra Crispy Potatoes Our delicious potatoes seasoned to perfections and made to order. $4.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes