You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up The Frying Saucer 1415 Janette Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 1Z1, Canada 6.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Mains Starters Sides Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 984-3247 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Mains Solo Classic Poutine Traditional recipe poutine with real cheese curds and a custom vegetarian gravy sourced from Laval Quebec. $7.75 Duo Classic Poutine Traditional recipe poutine with real cheese curds and a custom vegetarian gravy sourced from Laval Quebec. $10.00 Epic Classic Poutine Traditional recipe poutine with real cheese curds and a custom vegetarian gravy sourced from Laval Quebec. $14.75 Solo Skin on Fries Gluten-friendly fries with skins intact for that rustic taste. $4.25 Duo Skin on Fries Gluten-friendly fries with skins intact for that rustic taste. $6.00 Epic Skin on Fries Gluten-friendly fries with skins intact for that rustic taste. $9.75 Waffle Corn Dog Handmade corn dogs with a waffle design that has a Halal chicken dog inside. $3.75 Chicken Strips (5 Pcs) Made with halal white breast meat. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $10.00 Starters Chicken Strips (5 Pcs) Made with halal white breast meat. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $10.00 Pickle Spears (5 Pcs) Crunchy battered dill pickle spears. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $10.00 Cheese Sticks (5 Pcs) Gooey mozzarella sticks with a crispy batter. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $8.25 Spring Roll (5 Pcs) Flakey crispy vegetarian spring rolls. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $6.75 Mushrooms (10 pcs) Battered whole mushrooms. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $8.25 Onion Rings Golden rings made from whole onions. Includes your choice of one dipping sauce. $7.75 Ice Cold Pop (355 ml Can) Ice cold pop (355 ml can). Please select your choice below. $1.75 Sides Caesar Dip A creamy garlic dipping sauce. $1.50 Marinara Dip A thick rich tomato based dipping sauce. $1.50 Cheese Dip A spicy cheddar with a twist of chipotle. Sold Out Brown Gravy (4 oz) A custom vegetarian gravy sourced from Laval Quebec. $1.75 Garlic Toum Dip An ancient recipe dipping sauce for true garlic lovers. $1.50 Bottled Water $1.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes