You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Treehouse Bar & Grill 351 Ouellette Avenue, Windsor, ON, Canada 7.4 View Hours Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Appetizers Quick Bites Salads Wraps Wings Pizzas Create Your Own Pizza/Panzerotti Side Sauces Desserts Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 915-8879 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Appetizers Buffalo Chicken Spring Rolls Shredded chicken, cheddar cheese, cream cheese, and Buffalo sauce. $7.95 Poutine Treehouse's crispy fries loaded with cheese and gravy. $7.95 Supreme Fries Treehouse's Crispy fries loaded with cheese sauce, sour cream, tomatoes, and green onions. $7.95 Bacon Cheese Fries Treehouse's crispy fries topped with cheese sauce, bacon, ranch, and green onions. Drizzled with ranch. $7.95 Spinach Dip Spinach blended with a mix of cream cheese, roasted garlic, sour cream, and more to give you a creamy texture. Served with naan bread and nacho chips. $8.95 Treehouse Nachos (1 order) (600 Cal) Deep fried potato chips layered with Mozzarella and cheddar cheese. Then topped with sour cream, red onion, tomatoes, jalapeños, and green onions. $7.95 Quick Bites Mozzarella Sticks Mozzarella sticks deep-fried until golden brown, served with your choice of ranch or marinara dipping sauce. $6.95 Basket of Fries Crispy and seasoned basket of fries. $5.95 Jalapeno Poppers Mild jalapeno peppers stuffed with rich cream-cheese coated in a light breading and fried. $6.95 Potato Chips 12 ounces of deep fried potato chips tossed in your choice of Dill Pickle, Salt & Vinegar, Cajun, or plain Salt & Pepper! Comes with your choice of... $7.95 Salads Spinach Salad Spinach, feta cheese, Crasins, walnuts, and house vinaigrette. $6.95 Greek Salad Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese, black olives, and Greek dressing. $6.95 Caesar Salad (321 Cal) Romaine, Creamy Caesar Dressing, Parmesan, bacon, and croutons! $7.95 Wraps All wraps come automatically not grilled. Roasted Veggie Wrap Roasted bell peppers, onions, and mushrooms on a wrap with romaine lettuce, feta cheese, hummus, and in-house creamy garlic sauce. $8.95 Buffalo Chicken Wrap Crispy chicken tossed in homemade buffalo sauce on a wrap with tomatoes, cheddar cheese, and homemade creamy ranch dressing. $8.95 Greek Wrap Grilled chicken on a wrap with red onions, black olives, tomatoes, feta cheese, and homemade creamy ranch dressing. $8.95 Crispy Chicken Caesar Wrap Crispy chicken, romaine lettuce, bacon, and Parmesan cheese tossed in creamy Caesar dressing. $8.95 Wings Chicken Wings (1 lb) Your choice of rub or sauce. Served with ranch or blue cheese. One order comes with one pound wings. $9.95 Meatless Wings (1 lb) Your choice of rub or sauce. Served with ranch or blue cheese. One order comes with one pound wings. $9.95 Pizzas All pizzas are a twelve-inch thin crust dough made in house, topped with fresh Uniondale mozzarella from the Galati Cheese Company. Balsamic Goat Garlic Aioli, Mozzarella Cheese,Spinach, Goat Cheese, Tomato, and a Silky Smooth Balsamic Glaze Drizzle. $9.95 BBQ Chicken Pizza Sweet barbeque sauce(as a base), mozzarella cheese, red onions, banana peppers, chicken, and secret barbeque drizzle on the top. $9.95 Canadian Pizza Marinara, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, bacon, and mushrooms. $9.95 Chicken and Spinach Parmesan Pizza Garlic aioli, mozzarella cheese, spinach, chicken, and Parmesan cheese. $9.95 Pepperoni Housemade Marinara, Mozzarella, and Shredded Pepperoni! $9.95 Three Cheese Housemade marinara, Mozzarella, Cheddar, and Parmesan to finish. $9.95 Create Your Own Pizza/Panzerotti Create Your Own Pizza Your choice of cheese and four toppings. (Mozzarella is not standard. You chose your base cheese) $9.95 Create Your Own Panzerotti Your choice of cheese and four toppings. $9.95 Side Sauces Alabama White $1.00 Blue Cheese $1.00 Buffalo $1.00 Buffalo Ranch $1.00 Creamy Garlic $1.00 Creamy Ranch $1.00 Garlic Bread $1.00 Garlic Parm $1.00 Gravy $1.00 Greek Salad Dressing $1.00 Hot $1.00 Hot Honey $1.00 Honey Garlic $1.00 House Salad Dressing $1.00 Marinara $1.00 Medium $1.00 Mild $1.00 Spicy BBQ $1.00 Sweet BBQ $1.00 Sweet Habanero Our hottest available sauce! Only order if you can take the heat! We are not liable for any of the outcomes. $1.00 Desserts Cinnamon Sugar Doughnuts A deep-fried pizza dough tossed in cinnamon sugar. Served with a side of Nutella. $5.95 Deep-Fried Cookie Dough Deep-fried cookie dough balls rolled in a graham cracker crust. Served with chocolate sauce and whipped cream. $5.95 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes