You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Turbo Espresso Bar 3100 Howard Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 3Y4, Canada 8.7 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Panini Coffee Mocha and More Ice Cold Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 999-6433 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Panini 1. Spicy Italian Forte Panini Prosciutto, Genoa, and Mortadella, with hot peppers provolone. $9.95 2. The Mimi Panini Vegetarian. Grilled vegetables, house dressing, hummus, and lettuce-cucumber slaw. $9.95 3. The HMCS Panini Roasted chicken, prosciutto, hot peppers, romaine lettuce, mayo, and mozzarella. $9.95 4. Fuggedaboutit Panini Salami, soppresata, prosciutto, Mortadella, greens, mozzarella, and basil. $9.95 5. Hama-Lama Panini Ham on a bed of spinach, apple slices, creamy Brie cheese, and cranberry mayo. $9.95 6. Trendy Hipster Panini Turkey, bed of greens with bacon, avocado, provolone, and chipotle mayo. $9.95 7. Pineapple Express Panini Barbeque pulled pork piled high with pineapple coleslaw. $9.95 8. The 100 Panini Roasted chicken breast with pineapple coleslaw topped with Sriracha mayo. $9.95 9. The Bella Chow Chow Panini Vegetarian. Portobello mushrooms, roasted red peppers, provolone, and spring mix. $9.95 10. Havana 000 Nana Panini Ham with Swiss cheese topped with butter pickles and smothered in Dijon mustard. $9.95 11. Zozo Panini Grilled marinated chimichurri chicken and spinach with tomatoes and provolone. $9.95 12. Tune Ah! Panini Delicious tuna salad piled on slices of juicy tomato topped with mozzarella cheese. $9.95 13. Where's the Beef Panini Thinly shaved roast beef on spinach topped with grilled vegetable medley, horseradish mayonnaise, and mozzarella cheese. $9.95 Coffee Turbo The perfect four-ounce blend of steamed milk and espresso shot topped with foam. $3.00 House Blend Try out special blends or go with a steamy regular. $2.50 Americano Freshly grounded espresso beans brewed with hot water. $3.50 Espresso Strong black coffee made by forcing steam through freshly ground coffee beans. $2.50 Double Espresso Twice as strong black coffee made by forcing steam through freshly ground coffee beans. $4.00 Nutella Espresso Your favourite flavours all in one cup. Espresso with hazelnut, chocolate, and dash of Nutella. $3.25 Espresso Macchiato Your perfect espresso topped with a dollop of milk foam. $2.75 Con Panna Espresso topped with silky whipped cream. $3.25 Cappuccino Espresso steamed milk and just the right amount of foam topped with a dash of sprinkled cinnamon. $4.00 Latte Espresso and steamed milk topped with silky soft foam. $4.25 Mocha and More Gelato $5.50 Cafe Mocha Steamed milk espresso with a classic chocolate flavour topped with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle. $4.50 Vanilla Mocha Steamed chocolate milk, espresso shot, and vanilla bean topped with whipped cream, chocolate drizzle, and sprinkled vanilla sugar. $4.50 Caramel Mocha Steamed chocolate milk, espresso shot, traditional caramel flavor topped with whipped cream and caramel drizzle. $4.50 Salted Caramel Mocha Steamed chocolate milk, espresso with salted caramel flair topped with whip cream, and caramel drizzle. $5.25 Irish Cream Breve Espresso mixed with rich Irish cream flavors. $4.75 Caramel Hazelnut Steamed chocolate milk with the perfect combination of chocolate and hazelnut topped with whip cream drizzled with chocolate. $4.50 Hot Chocolate Steamed chocolate milk, cream, and chocolate to create the perfect hot chocolate topped with whip cream smothered in chocolate. $3.75 French Vanilla Steamed milk, rich cream, and espresso come together to make a silky smooth delicious drink. $4.50 London Fog A classic earl gray tea and steamed milk. $4.50 Chai Tea Latte Fresh brewed spiced chai tea and steamed milk. $4.00 Hot Tea $2.50 Ice Cold Beverages Iced Coffee Espresso Espresso layered on top of milk createss the perfect iced coffee blend. $3.75 Cold Chocolate A twist on ice coffee with chocolate milk topped with espresso. $3.75 Iced Irish Cream Death Irish cream poured over ice to make a perfect cold drink. $4.00 Iced Coconut Chai Spiced chai tea is shaken with silky coconut milk. $4.75 Iced Caramel Macchiato Caramel milk espresso and more caramel come together to make the perfect whip cream topped macchiato. $4.75 Frappuccino A mixture of cream and milk topped with a shot of espresso to create a perfect rich iced coffee blend. $5.25 Pink Lady Coconut milk, berry tea, and sweet raspberry flavor come together to give you the perfect iced tea latte. $5.25 Cupcake Frappuccino A cupcake in a glass. Creamy vanilla gelato is shaken with milk, vanilla, chocolate, and hazelnut topped with whip cream and sprinkles. $6.00 Vanilla Frappuccino Perfect frappuccino blend with vanilla. $5.00 Peach Raspberry Frappuccino A delicious flavour packed frappe without coffee! $5.25 Nutella Frappuccino All the Nutella in one cup! Nutella espresso layered on top of frappuccino blend topped with whip cream ad more Nutella. $5.00 Summer Breeze Lemonade Berry tea, peach, raspberry, and lemonade create the perfect summer drink. $4.75 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes