You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Windsor Café N Cuisine 2475 McDougall St, Windsor, ON N8X 3N9, Canada 9.3 View Hours Community Support All Day Breakfast Lunch Cold Beverages Hot Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 246-8046 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item All Day Breakfast Grilled Cheese Sandwich A layer of melted cheese into grilled bread. $2.99 Egg and Cheese English Muffin Pouched egg and a slice of tasty cheddar cheese on a English muffin. $3.50 Bagel with Cream Cheese $2.99 Mozzarella Chicken Sandwich Sandwiches with grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, bell pepper, red onion, tomato, mayonnaise, and lettuce. $5.99 Egg Salad Sandwich Sandwich with egg, lettuce, and bread. May contain shredded carrot, sliced cucumber, sliced tomato, chopped green onion, mayonnaise, yellow mustard... $3.99 Chicken Quesadilla Grilled chicken and vegetables with mozzarella or cheddar cheese trapped in a pita bread or tortilla. May contain onion, bell pepper, and butter. $6.99 Hash Brown $1.49 Lunch Stir Fry Vegetables with Grilled Chicken Stir fry vegetables with grilled chicken. May contain carrot, cabbage, green bean, broccoli, bell pepper, onion, olive oil, minced garlic, minced... $8.99 Grilled Chicken with Rice Healthy balanced meal. Grilled chicken with steamed vegetables and plain rice served with dipping. May contain carrots, cucumbers, broccoli, lettuce, $8.99 Chicken Biryani/Vegetables Biryani (Regular) Chicken Biryani: Cooked with Basmati long grain flavored rice, chicken Leg and Indian spices. Comes in two sizes- Large and Regular. The large size... $8.99 Stir Fry Vegetables May contain carrot, cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli, green bean, baby corn, bell pepper, white onion, minced garlic, minced ginger, olive oil, Stir... $6.99 Beef Gyros Sliced gyro beef served in a pitta stuffed with Tomato, Bell Pepper, Sliced Cucumber, Red Onion, lettuce and Tzatziki Sauce/Garlic Sauce. May contain... $7.99 Chicken Quesadilla Grilled chicken and vegetables with mozzarella or cheddar cheese trapped in a pita bread or tortilla. May contain onion, bell pepper, and butter. $6.99 Egg Salad Salad with greatness of boiled eggs. May contain lettuce, bell pepper, shredded carrot, chickpeas, Tomato, cucumber, red onion and olives. $5.99 Egg Salad Sandwich Sandwich with egg, lettuce, and bread. May contain shredded carrot, sliced cucumber, sliced tomato, chopped green onion, mayonnaise, yellow mustard... $3.99 Chicken Salad (355ml) Freshly prepared green salad with sliced chicken breast, vegetables, dressings and spices. May contain Lettuce, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Spinach, $6.99 Mozzarella Chicken Sandwich Sandwiches with grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, bell pepper, red onion, tomato, mayonnaise, and lettuce. $5.99 Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap Caesar salad with grilled chicken wrapped into a tortilla. May contain tomato, croutons, red onion, permission cheese, lettuce, Caesar dressing and... $7.99 Chicken Panini Chicken breast slices with Mozzarella/Cheddar cheese, tomato, red onion and bell pepper into a Panini Bread. May contain Black Pepper, Olive oil, $5.99 Vegetable Sub (6 Inch) This six inch Sub sandwich is prepared with vegetables and herbs. May contain red onion, lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced cucumber, Bell pepper, $6.99 Chicken Sub This six inch Sub sandwich is prepared with grilled chicken, vegetables and herbs. May contain red onion, lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced cucumber, $7.99 Tuna Salad Sandwich Creamy tuna salad with cheese and grilled bread. May contain grated carrot, finely chopped celery, red onion, parsley and lemon juice. $4.99 Cold Beverages Cold Beverage-710ml (710ml) 710ml $2.99 Bottled Water, Nestle. (500ml) 500ml $1.25 Hot Beverages Coffee Premium quality brewed coffee. Comes in one size only. $1.50 Tea $1.50 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes