You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Wineology Bar & Restaurant 13300 Tecumseh Rd E, Windsor, ON N8N 4R8, Canada 8.9 View Hours Community Support Age Verification Place Settings Share Plates Pizzology Cheesology Dessert Allergen information and disclaimers Allergies & intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (519) 735-1200 before placing your order. Contactless recommendations If your order contains alcohol items, please present your ID in a way that minimizes person-person contact, either by displaying it through a glass door or window, placing it on a surface, or presenting it from a distance. Ordering alcohol? Age Verification to order alcohol: 18+ in Manitoba, Alberta and Quebec, 19+ in all other provinces: If the order contains alcohol items, the recipient of this order is required to present a valid government ID to the courier at the time of delivery. This ID must match the name on the order. If the courier is unable to safely verify your ID, or if this condition or any other condition in the SkipTheDishes Terms of Service is not met the order will not be delivered. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you'd like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Share Plates Goat Cheese and Beet Salad for Two Roasted beets, radish, golden berry, cranberry, cucumber, and sunflower seeds. Topped with goat cheese, and served with a side balsamic vinaigrette. $15.00 Krischetta Duet Toasted fresh baguette topped with asiago spread, a combination of tomatoes, basil, olive tapenade, and reggiano Parmesan. $14.00 Prosciutto Wrapped Dates Sweet dates stuffed with goat cheese and cooked in woodfired oven, wrapped in prosciutto, and topped with pistachio sauce. $15.00 Tropical Spicy Jumbo Shrimp Marinated jumbo shrimps garnished with lemon zest, chorizo sausage, mango salsa, and glazed pineapple. $16.00 Pizzology JC's Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, goat cheese, figs, prosciutto, and fresh arugula. $20.00 Alex's Pizza Honey, mascarpone, mozzarella cheese, fresh pears, prosciutto, and walnuts. $20.00 Jack's Pizza Tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, spicy salmon, roasted red peppers, and fresh mushrooms. $20.00 Joe's Pizza Alfredo sauce, mozzarella, Reggiano cheese, shrimp, parsley, and truffle oil. $20.00 Sara's Pizza Olive oil, mozzarella, goat cheese, grilled chicken, spinach, and roasted red peppers. $20.00 Sabrina's Pizza Truffle olive oil, mozzarella, Ricotta cheese, spinach, mushrooms, garlic, and rosemary. $20.00 Justin's Pizza Truffle olive oil, mozzarella cheese, peaches, cooked arugula, cherry tomatoes, asiago spread, and topped with balsamic glaze. $20.00 Create Your Own Pizza $20.00 Cheesology Cheese Platter Gourmet cheese from around the world accompanied with bread, antipasto, dressing, and more! $18.00 Cheese and Meat Platter Gourmet cheese and cured meats from around the world. It is accompanied with bread, antipasto, dressing, and more! $32.00 Dessert Dessert Pizza (4 pcs) Garnished with roasted marshmallows and fresh fruits, drizzled with chocolate and caramel. $16.00 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes