You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. SkipTheDishes logo SkipTheDishes Start Your Order Log InSign up Xaco Taco 300 Cabana Rd E, Windsor, ON N9G 1A3, Canada 9.0 View Hours Community Support Place Settings Create Your Own Signature Bowls and Burritos Signature Bowl and Burrito Combos Signature Tacos Signature Taco Combos Party Packs Kids' Meal Beverages Allergies & Intolerances SkipTheDishes is not involved with food preparation. If you have a food allergy or intolerance (or someone you’re ordering for has), phone the restaurant at (226) 782-3986 before placing your order. Community Support Local restaurants are the heart, soul, and stomach of our communities. In this challenging time, you can support your favourite hometown heroes with a restaurant tip. 100% of this added contribution will go to your selected restaurant. Contribute Now See Item Place Settings Please list the number of place settings that you’d like, along with your order. Number of Plastic Cutlery How many people will be eating from this order? See Item Create Your Own Bowl Create your own bowl. Served with Xaco hot sauce. $9.49 Bowl Combo Served with Xaco hot sauce, pop, chips, and salsa dip. $12.98 Burrito Create your own bowl. Served with Xaco hot sauce. $9.49 Burrito Combo Served with Xaco hot sauce, pop, chips, and salsa dip. $12.98 Nachos Ground Beef or Chicken, black beans, cheese, onions, lettuce, mild red salsa, and sour cream. Served with Xaco hot sauce. $11.79 Nachos Combo Ground Beef or Chicken, black beans, cheese, onions, lettuce, mild red salsa, and sour cream, served with Xaco hot sauce, pop, chips, and salsa dip. $15.28 Quesadilla Protein, cheese, and sour cream with a side of mild red salsa. Served with Xaco hot sauce. $11.79 Quesadilla Combo Protein, cheese, and sour cream, with a side of mild red salsa, served with Xaco hot sauce, pop, chips, and salsa dip. $15.28 Crispy Tacos (3 pcs) Create your own three crispy tacos. Served with Xaco hot sauce. $11.79 Crispy Tacos (3 pcs) Combo Create your own three crispy tacos, served with Xaco hot sauce, pop, chips, and salsa dip. $15.28 Soft Tacos (3 pcss) 3 create your own soft tacos. $11.79 Cheese Quesadilla Double cheese and sour cream with side of mild red salsa. $9.49 Cheese Quesadilla Combo Double cheese and sour cream with side of mild red salsa. $12.98 Signature Bowls and Burritos Lucha Libre Protein, Mexican rice, refried beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and sour cream. $9.49 XACO Club Adobo chicken, smoked bacon, brown rice, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and lime sour cream. $10.49 Cheesy John Juan Protein, brown rice, black beans, queso, cheese, lettuce, salsa, and sour cream. $10.49 The Senorita (Keto) Protein, brown rice, black beans, queso, cheese, lettuce, salsa, and sour cream. $10.49 Spicy Grrrito Protein, Mexican rice, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, spicy salsa, hot sauce, and lime sour cream. $9.49 Signature Bowl and Burrito Combos Lucha Libre Combo Protein, Mexican rice, refried beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and sour cream. $12.98 XACO Club Combo Adobo chicken, smoked bacon, brown rice, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and lime sour cream. $13.98 Cheesy John Juan Combo Protein, brown rice, black beans, queso, cheese, lettuce, salsa, and sour cream. $13.98 The Senorita (Keto) Combo Protein, brown rice, black beans, queso, cheese, lettuce, salsa, and sour cream. $13.98 Spicy Grrrito Combo Protein, Mexican rice, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, spicy salsa, hot sauce, and lime sour cream. $12.98 Signature Tacos Cali Taco Adobo chicken, black beans, guacamole, cheese, pico de gallo, and lime sour cream. $12.79 Carnitas Taco Pulled pork, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, and corn salsa. $11.79 Spicy Santo Taco Barbacoa, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, and spicy salsa. $11.79 The Matador Taco Ground beef, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, and sour cream. $11.79 XACO Club Taco Adobo chicken, smoked bacon, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and sour cream. $12.79 Signature Taco Combos Cali Taco Combo Adobo chicken, black beans, guacamole, cheese, pico de gallo, and lime sour cream. $16.28 Carnitas Taco Combo Pulled pork, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, and corn salsa. $15.28 Spicy Santo Taco Combo Barbacoa, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, and spicy salsa. $15.28 The Matador Taco Combo Ground beef, pico de gallo, cheese, lettuce, and sour cream. $15.28 XACO Club Taco Combo Adobo chicken, smoked bacon, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and sour cream. $16.28 Party Packs Main Event (Tacos) 12 tacos with meat or veggies, rice and beans, and toppings! Includes free! 1lb bag of chips and red salsa dip! $49.99 Kids' Meal Kids' Meal 2 Jr. Tacos or Kids Quesadilla with drink, kids chips with mild red salsa. $8.99 Beverages Fountain Drink $2.49 Water $2.49 Welcome to Skip More local restaurants than ever before now offer Delivery and Pickup exclusively through Skip.Start Your Order About Us Partners FAQ Become A Courier Gift Cards Careers Rewards Media & Community Skip Express Lane Partner Success Guide Browse by City Food Wiki Invite Friends, Get $5 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Skip Social Code Accessibility Policy Account Security Coronavirus Updates Rewards Conditions Canada 2022 SkipTheDishes